Chapter 105 - 87 Run At Full Speed! Star!_2

Chapter 105: Chapter 87 Run at Full Speed! Star!_2

Translator: 549690339

“Awoo!”

The Frost Dust Wolf’s eyes were filled with blazing will to fight, the acceleration of its strong paws increased sharply, each forceful stride was like a howling gale.

Frost flowers gathered and shattered under its feet.

The frost swirling around it intensified.

To pull away from Star at this moment, the Frost Dust Wolf was doing its utmost!

A hundred metres… one hundred and ten metres… one hundred and twenty metres!

The distance which was being reduced originally, was once again being widened at this moment!

“Xi Lu Lu!”

In the eyes of Star, who perceived this, shone an obstinate determination. It strived to accelerate again, but unluckily, the speed it achieved just now had already been its limit.

Watching as the opponent in front gradually dwindled in its sight, a touch of unwillingness flashed in Star’s eyes.

“Don’t worry.” At this moment, Xu Ran’s hand lightly landed on Star’s head, “Don’t forget, you still have a One Star skill.”

One Star skill, Stardust Level ■ Tenacity!

Even though it’s also just Stardust Level, the passive nature of this skill made sure that Star was endowed with a stamina more formidable than the Frost Dust Wolf’s.

Five kilometers of track was not too long, but certainly not short either.

Could the Frost Dust Wolf run the full course at its current speed?

Xu Ran knew very clearly, the chances of it doing so were very slim.

But, Star could!

“Xi Lu Lu!” (That’s right!)

An exhilaration sprung up in Star’s obsidian eyes. Reminded by Xu Ran, it too thought of that point.

It, too, had the hope of victory!

“Don’t think about anything else, run at full speed! Star!”

Xu Ran shouted in a low voice, also leaning slightly forward to reduce wind resistance, holding tight to the reins transformed by the Star Chain, “Charge!”

With the soothing and encouragement from Xu Ran, Star’s mood quickly settled down. It didn’t blindly increase its speed anymore, instead, it continued to keep up its all-out speed, charging towards the direction of the finish line.

One hundred and fifty metres … two hundred metres … two hundred and fifty metres.

The Frost Dust Wolf which had accelerated to its limits once again left it behind, the track was filled with frost flowers and shards of frost that hadn’t yet had time to dissipate.

“Meow!” (Keep it up!)

On the roadside, Ziyun- who had been accompanying and watching the entire process- had encouragement in its eyes.

Although it was somewhat annoyed watching its little brother being left behind by the Frost Dust Wolf, it did hear what Xu Ran said just now.

It repeatedly accelerated to catch up with the Frost Dust Wolf in front, then deliberately slowed down to stay beside Star, in order to gauge the gap between the two while simultaneously encouraging Star to keep striving.

Time was bit by bit moving forward, Star and Frost Dust Wolf had run nearly half the distance, the straight line distance between the two had also reached nearly five hundred meters.

Looking ahead from Star’s current position, the Frost Dust Wolf was reduced to a speck of white. Despite making an all-out dash, it could only just make out the trail of frost flowers left by the Frost Dust Wolf.

However, at this moment, Ziyun- who had returned to Star and Xu Ran’s side- brought back good news.

“Meow!” (They are slowing down!)

“Great!” Xu Ran shouted out loud, “Star, maintain your current speed, it’s our turn to overtake them!”

“Xi Lu Lu!”

In response was Star’s excited neigh.

With the help of the Tenacity passive skill, it, who was maintaining a constant all-out dash, had used up a considerable amount of strength, but it didn’t feel any fatigue!

With this condition, it could still run for a very long time!

Star was confident that before reaching the finish line, it could maintain its current condition!

“Hahaha, we have already surpassed them this far!” Xu Jiujiu laughed heartily as he looked back and saw Xu Ran and Star, who were almost reduced to a black speck, “Good boy, let’s power through!”

“Awoo!”

Good!

A confident reply came from the Frost Dust Wolf, although within that sound, a hint of fatigue was noticeable.

“Huh?”

Xu Jiujiu quickly noticed that his Pet Beast wasn’t at its peak, and promptly lowered his head to check.

Upon seeing the slightly opened mouth and the faintly extended tongue of the Frost Dust Wolf, Xu Jiujiu nodded in understanding, “So that’s it, you’ve worked hard!”

The stamina of the Frost Dust Wolf was not that strong. Such intense full-speed running, coupled with the exertion of the Cold Frost Heart, created considerable pressure.

After running two to three kilometers, a decline in performance was expected.

“It’s okay if you’re a bit tired, our competitors must not be faring much better.” Xu Jiujiu comforted the Frost Dust Wolf by gently patting its head, “Maintain your rhythm, and let’s sprint towards the finish line!”

“Awooo!”

I can still keep going!

Warrior spirit filled the eyes of the Frost Dust Wolf, although its speed had slightly decreased, it was also controlled with great efforts by the beast, maintaining a steady pace.

Three kilometers… four kilometers…

“Just one kilometer left, let’s sprint to it!” With the road sign at the edge of the path in sight, Xu Jiujiu’s face was filled with exhilaration. However, her expression quickly changed as she turned to look behind her.

“Eh????”

Seeing Xu Ran and Star, who had unknowingly come up behind them and were less than a hundred meters away from her and the Frost Dust Wolf, Xu Jiujiu was taken aback.

How is this possible?!

They had already fallen more than 500 meters behind, how could they catch up?!

That is illogical, does Xu Ran’s Pet Beast never tire out?

“Awooo?!”

What’s going on?!

With its state declining and its speed decreasing again, the Frost Dust Wolf also turned to look as it heard the voice. It was dumbstruck upon seeing the unstoppable Xu Ran and Star.

If I am this exhausted, how can that guy still be running so fast?

“Little doggy, we need to speed up!” Xu Jiujiu gave a low shout, her eyes gleamed with a competitive spirit.

She had been leading all this way, she didn’t want to be overtaken in the last kilometer, that would be too embarrassing! @@novelbin@@

“Awooo-”

The Frost Dust Wolf let out a long howl, struggling to support its exhausted body, it quickly activated the Cold Frost Heart. The sudden eruption of cold air almost instantaneously enveloped its massive body with frosty mist.

Under the combined effect of the Cold Frost Heart, the speed of the Frost Dust Wolf on the Frost Flower Path increased again. As they were about to pull further ahead from Star, Xu Jiujiu and the Frost Dust Wolf heard Xu Ran’s voice from behind.

“Star, let’s speed up too!”

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Accompanied by a fervent neighing, a boundless force seemed to be poured into Star’s four hooves. Like a ghost moving forward in the dark, its pace silently increased once again with the blessing of the Night Song!

Eighty meters… fifty meters… thirty meters… ten meters…

The Frost Dust Wolf, which was rapidly accelerating by forcibly lifting its spirit, no longer had any advantages under the extraordinarily steady speed of Star, and after briefly running neck and neck, Star overtook the Frost Dust Wolf with strong steps. The lead had changed hands!

The finish line was right in front of them!

Looking at the abandoned road sign just a stone’s throw away, Xu Ran and Star both let out a loud yell, unleashing all their power. They crossed the finish line, like a streak of black light, before finally halting their steps.

At the finish line, Ziyun, who had been eagerly waiting, excitedly came forward. She gracefully leaped up and lightly patted the white spot on the forehead of Star as encouragement to her successor.

“Meow!” (You did great!)

“Xi Lu Lu!” Star returned to its original purple color, its eyes resembling a purple crystal, filled with excitement and joy.

It did it!

As a newly awakened Transcendent Being, it had a speed it had never dared to dream of before.

At this moment, it thought about the words its parents said when it left the Mount Beast Breeding Base.

“From now on, you will have a new life of your own.”

Is this its new life?

It loves it!

“Boss Xu, your Pet Beast is just too amazing. Does it not get tired? And what on earth is this skill that you and your beast are using together! I have never heard of it.” Xu Jiujiu, who had just jumped off the Frost Dust Wolf, could not resist speaking up.

“My Star has a one-star passive Tenacity skill, which greatly improves its durability in both running and fighting.” Xu Ran laughed, “As for the skill we used together, that’s another skill of Star, Star Chain.”

After Xu Ran briefly described the effect of the Star Chain, Xu Jiujiu couldn’t help but show a look of envy, “Damn, I want a Pet Beast like that too!”

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star neighed and held its head high.

“Star is unparalleled.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, looking at the prompt message that suddenly popped up, a rich smile appeared on his face.

“The renovation and maintenance of the shop are completed. You can foster the Frost Dust Wolf now..’

1