Chapter 107 - 88: Upgrade Completed! New

Chapter 107: Chapter 88: Upgrade Completed! New

Features !_2

Translator: 549690339

Since it’s recycling, these useless skills could naturally be put to good use again.

When enough skill fragments are accumulated, they can be exchanged for skills to teach to pet beasts!

Being able to freely choose the skills you get instead of randomly receiving them through plucking fur is obviously a lot more reliable!

Taking a deep breath, Xu Ran tentatively dragged the un-teachable Dark Elemental Pearl into the furnace.

A moment later, accompanied by the cool special effects of flames gushing from the furnace, a line of text appeared before Xu Ran’s eyes.

[Obtained Skill Fragment xl]

Huh? Just one?

Xu Ran made a face, slightly disappointed.

The one-star skills probably aren’t worth much.

After his Plucking Fur ability was upgraded to C level, Xu Ran could obtain two stars skills at the most through Plucking Fur. But obtaining different skills also had different probabilities.

The probability of getting a one-star skill was much higher than that of a two-star skill. With his current plucking fur level, by grooming two pet beasts, he could get a one-star skill.

So at the moment, his list of useless skills consisted of many one-star skills.

All the Electricity System and Dark Attribute skills that could be taught were taught. The one-star skills will all be broken down…

Wait, should the Earth attribute skills be spared?

Recalling the beast egg that was still on the nightstand on the second floor, hesitation only lingered on Xu Ran’s face for a second before he tossed the one-star Earth attribute skill into the furnace.

These weren’t any rare skills. If needed, he could just pluck them later. Besides, it wasn’t even certain if the hatched beast egg would become his pet beast.

After breaking down all the one-star skills, Xu Ran ended up with 23 skill fragments in total.

Next, onto the two-star skills.

Glancing at the remaining useless skills, Xu Ran tentatively dragged a two-star Fire Attribute skill into the furnace.

[Obtained Skill Fragment x4]

Oh… It’s more than the one-star skill, but it doesn’t seem to be that much either?

Looking at the remaining 7 skills, Xu Ran gritted his teeth and threw them all in.

The number of skill fragments reached 55.

Exchange!

Expectation flickered across Xu Ran’s face as he clicked on a shopping cart icon in the corner of the recycling interface.

He had just broken down twenty-three one-star skills and eight two-star skills. The fragments from so many skills should be enough to exchange for a dozen or so skills…

Right?

Staring at the exchange rate listed in the store, Xu Ran’s face showed a trace of confusion.

[Choose One Star Skill: 10 Skill Fragments Each]

[Choose Two Star Skill: 40 Skill Fragments Each]

[Choose Three Star Skill: 200 Skill Fragments Each]

[Choose…]

No need to read further, he can only afford a two-star skill now.

This damn system!

Ten useless skills can only be exchanged for one skill of the same star level, you’ve really outdone yourself!

Xu Ran gritted his teeth, glanced at Ziyun and Star who were enjoying his pets, and exited the recycling interface.

Even though he could exchange, he wouldn’t be able to get much, he should consider this more long-term.

Xu Ran, who couldn’t swallow his anger, casually clicked on the lottery drawing interface.

He had noticed that he had slowly accumulated another 10,000 pleasure points, which meant he could do a ten-draw lottery now.

Although Lucky Liu was not here, as everyone knows, the best time to do the lottery drawing is right after an update.

Yes, I’m going to do a ten-draw lottery…

Wait, no! Nowhere near enough!

Xu Ran stared at the two options on the lottery drawing interface, his face frozen.

[Draw Once] consumes 10000 pleasure points.

[Draw Ten Times] consumes 95000 pleasure points.

Huh?

What?!

He incredulously counted the zeros one by one, no matter how many times he counted, there was one extra zero. @@novelbin@@

What’s the meaning of this?

After the system upgrade, the pleasure points needed for the lottery drawing have increased tenfold?

You system, you really are…

[Lottery function upgraded, no more white rewards, the probability of receiving other level rewards has increased in proportion]

My precious!

Seeing the line of text that suddenly popped up, Xu Ran quickly changed his mind.

If the probability of receiving other rewards has increased in proportion, does it mean that the previous probability of getting a white reward now corresponds to a green reward, and the previous green reward now corresponds to a blue reward?

So about the probability that matches the blue rewards previously…

Xu Ran’s heart involuntarily palpitated.

Although the chances have increased tenfold, if he gets the purple reward every time he draws ten consecutively, it seems…he wouldn’t lose at all?

He told himself, no more drawing, save for a consecutive ten draws, and then wait for Lucky Liu!

“Boss Xu? What’s wrong?”

Xu Jiujiu turned around to see Xu Ran sitting on Star’s back. His face flicked between solemnity and surprise, a look of confusion apparent.

“Nothing, I was just thinking.” Xu Ran snapped back to reality, let out a laugh and looked around, “We’re almost there.”

During the time he was checking his personal panel, Star and Frost Dust Wolf had nearly arrived at the foster shop.

“Hehe, let’s first clean and care for my pup!” Xu Jiujiu patted Frost Dust Wolf’s head. “Though I didn’t get your free cleaning service, my pup’s been working hard. It certainly deserves a treat.”

“Woof!” Frost Dust Wolf raised its head, rubbing against Xu Jiujiu, its icy blue eyes filled with joy.

“Alright.” Xu Ran chuckled.

It was evident that Xu Jiujiu and Frost Dust Wolf had a great bond, much like he had with his own pet beasts.

“By the way!” Xu Jiujiu started,

nudging Xu Ran with her elbow, looking around suspiciously, then covered her mouth like she was about to gossip. “I heard a little rumor, Boss Xu, that your cleaning isn’t very…professional?”

Xu Ran:”????”

“Where did you hear that from?” Xu Ran retorted, “Cleaning is nothing more than bathing and grooming your pet beasts. How unprofessional can it be?”

“I was scrolling through the forum the other day and happened to see a post talking about it.” Xu Jiujiu shrugged, “But you’re right, it’s just cleaning, how unprofessional can it really be? They must have mistaken something.”

“Yes, exactly!” Xu Ran nodded briskly, feeling secretly relieved inside.

He is such a decent guy. If anything seems unprofessional, it must be the system’s fault.

“That’s why I want to keep an eye on you while you clean my pup.”

Xu Jiujiu’s unexpected remark caught Xu Ran’s expression frozen midway.

She doesn’t trust him!

“Starfire Foster Care Shop, this is it!”

Returning to the front door of the shop, Xu Jiujiu hopped off Frost Dust Wolf, put her hands on her hips, looking quite pleased with herself as she pointed to the closed door, “Open the door, Boss Xu!”

Xu Ran gave the suddenly eccentric girl a weird look, slowly opening the door.

“Hmph- hmph~” Xu Jiujiu, who had not entered the shop before, hummed a tune, sauntered in, and soon spotted the price list on the wall. Her tune went off-key immediately, “You-you-you…this price?!”

“What’s wrong with the price? I thought you knew the cleaning and caring costs.” Xu Ran casually replied, then followed her flabbergasted stare to the price list on the wall.

His expression then froze as well.

This price list…it’s somewhat familiar yet strange?

First off, cleaning and care prices.

Under the original three price signs, there was another one.

[Super Large Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring 266666/Yuan per session]

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched a little.

This price… it’s something else.

But does this mean that the shop can now clean and care for super large pet beasts?

Xu Ran glanced at the closed door of the grooming room.

Super large pet beasts start at ten meters long and can grow up to thirty meters. If they are even bigger than that, they would fall into the next size grade, gigantic.

The current grooming room is huge, but it doesn’t seem to fit the super large pet beasts. What is the system really trying to sell?

A bit curious, Xu Ran shifted his gaze to the foster care price list next to the grooming sign.

This time, there were more changes.

The former foster services, which were divided based on size, are now solely divided by growth stages, at the same price as before for large pet beasts.

[Transcendent Stage Pet Beast Fosterage: 666/Yuan per day]

[Elite Stage Pet Beast Fosterage: 6666/Yuan per day]

[Leadership Stage Pet Beast Fosterage: 66666/Yuan per day]

It seems some of the current tenants will experience a price hike once their foster care period is over.

Xu Ran stroked his chin and continued looking down.

[General Stage Pet Beast Fosterage: 266 Beast Master Points per day]

[King Stage Pet Beast Fosterage: 666 Beast Master Points per day]

Well, the system is no longer content with just earning money.

Directly charging Beast Master Points, that’s pretty ruthless.

Xu Ran’s eyes moved to the next column, quickly spotting a brand new price list. It’s for the accompanying training service.

After a moment, he looked back at Xu Jiujiu, whose mouth was stupefied, a smile covering his face.

“You mentioned that you’re interested in the training service?”