Chapter 106 - 88: Upgrade Completed! New Features! _1

Chapter 106: Chapter 88: Upgrade Completed! New Features! _1

Translator: 549690339

[Adding 6/10 Bonus Chapters to “Rippling Spring Sounds” for the Silver Alliance]

Just as the two of them finished their race, the system notification that Xu Ran had been waiting for finally arrived.

[System Upgrade Complete]

Seeing the six characters appear before him, his smile became even brighter.

According to his guess, the upgraded system should bring some kind of enhancements.

He wasn’t sure what those enhancements were, but he was sure of one thing. The system upgrade was definitely good news for him.

Looking at Xu Jiujiu, who had remounted the Frost Dust Wolf and was preparing to return to the foster shop, Xu Ran smiled slightly, similarly leaping upwards to sit on Star’s back.

“Meow-” (Take me with you!)

Ziyun, who was also a bit tired after running five kilometers, didn’t miss this chance to laze about. With a light leap, he also jumped onto Star’s back and lazily lay down in front of Xu Ran.

Ziyun’s upper body was hanging on the left side of Star, while its lower body was draped over the right side, making it look like a big, soft puffball.

Xu Ran, amused, gently stroked Ziyun’s soft fur and said in a low voice, “Star, let’s go home.”

Xu Lu Lu! (No problem!)

As Star had just won a race, it was still in a state of high spirits. Instead of resisting Ziyun jumping onto its back, it seemed rather delighted.

Without breaking into its top speed again, the journey back posed no pressure for Star. Alongside the Frost Dust Wolf, the two pet beasts headed towards the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

While one hand continued to stroke Ziyun’s long fur, occasionally brushing the flowing mane behind Star’s neck, Xu Ran opened his personal panel with a thought.

[Host: Xu Ran

Contract Power: Second stage @@novelbin@@

Contract Pet Beasts:

Ziyun[View Details]

Star[View Details]

System Skills:

[Plucking Fur (C-Level)](57/ioo)

[Drug Application (C-Level)](3/5OO)

[Pranks (D-Level)](o/ioo)

Pet Beast Skills:

[★ Dark Elemental Pearl](Non-teachable)

… (Useless skills omitted)

Physical Points: o

Skill Points: o

Pleasure Value: 10343

System Upgrade Experience: 0/2000]

[Main Task 1: Making a Big Entrance

Task Description: Please raise all three system skill levels to B-Level

Task Rewards: System Clerk xl, System Upgrade Experience +100]

[Lottery Drawing]

[Recycling]

Looking at the personal panel that differed somewhat from before, Xu Ran stroked his chin.

There was quite a lot of information to take in.

First was the still non-teachable dark attribute, one-star skill, Dark Elemental Pearl.

After testing Star’s skills, Xu Ran had made certain speculations.

Unquestionably, Star held an unparalleled advantage in assisting, with the skill like Star Chain that Xu Ran had never heard of before.

The Creator was fair, and such a powerful pet beast would certainly have some flaws. Perhaps Star’s flaw was that it couldn’t master attack skills.

Having speculated this, Xu Ran’s gaze shifted downwards, landing on the brand new system upgrade experience bar.

The existence of the experience bar meant that the system could be upgraded more than once.

That was good news, but for now, it was a bit too far off. He would deal with it later.

Next, Xu Ran saw the new system task.

The new task had the prefix “Main Task” instead of the previous “Novice Task”. Considering the system upgrade, could it be said that he had been in the novice phase all this time, and was just now leaving the novice village?

When this idea came to his mind, a sense of helplessness appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

So, after experiencing everything he did, he was still staggering about in the novice village?

Looking at the description of the new task, it was clear that this task was more difficult than all the previous novice tasks.

Among all his skills, the one closest to B-level is Plucking Fur, which had just reached halfway to completion.

Drug Application had just been upgraded and would take some time to get to B-Level.

The most difficult one was Pranks.

He hadn’t even had a chance to use this skill since he got it, and it was still at the D-level progress bar at 0. The difficulty of raising it to B-Level was obvious.

The rewards for the task, on the other hand, were completely different than Xu Ran’s previous ones.

Apart from the usual system upgrade experience, the other reward was an abstract thing called a “System Clerk”…

System Clerk…

Was it what he thought it was?

Xu Ran stroked his chin, his expression easing into amusement.

If it really was what he thought, then it would become interesting.

Anyway, he would first get all three skills to B-Level as soon as possible, and

see exactly what this different task reward was!

Filled with an inward rush of encouragement, Xu Ran continued to scroll down, skipping over the lottery drawing and stopping at the new function, [Recycling], at the very bottom.

Upon opening it, a projection similar to a furnace appeared in front of Xu Ran, with a small golden question mark at the top.

Great, the system was very cooperative, sparing him the time of figuring it out.

Xu Ran casually touched the question mark sign, and quickly the introduction about the new feature flowed into his mind.

Having digested all these contents, Xu Ran’s eyes slowly went wide.

This…

This!!!

The problem of useless skills that he’d been worrying about was actually solved by the system!

The newly appeared recycling function was specifically created to solve the problem of useless skills obtained by plucking fur.

The usage was very simple. Select the skill obtained through plucking fur, drag it into the furnace, and these skills could be disassembled into varying amounts of skill fragments based on their star level strength..