Chapter 101 - 85 Awakening, The Second Pet!_2

Chapter 101: Chapter 85 Awakening, The Second Pet!_2

Translator: 549690339

It seems that these two skills can be removed from the skill list.

“Xi-lu-lu~”

Accompanied by an enthusiastic neigh, Star emerged from the dissipating black light.

Originally less than Xu Ran’s height, the small horse had drastically grown in stature after awakening, exceeding two meters now. Looking at its youthful proportions, one could tell that it could grow even larger in the future.

“Star, come here!” Xu Ran smiled and beckoned Star.

“Xi-lu-lu~” Star quickly stepped over to Xu Ran’s side, lowered its head slightly, and rubbed against Xu Ran’s palm, its eyes full of excitement and agitation.

It understood that its ability to awaken and gain such formidable power was inseparable from the human standing before it.

Its father was right! By the side of this human, it could change its fate!

Petting Star’s forehead, Xu Ran carefully observed him.

His gaze first landed on Star’s forehead.

There was a new white mark there, which looked like starlight. This white appearing against Star’s dark fur seemed quite strange.

Then, Xu Ran noticed Star’s increasingly spirited and beautiful purple crystal-like eyes.

The mane at the back of Star’s neck and its long tail had become elongated and slender, turning purple at the tips, matching the beautiful purple of its eyes.

Time for a system identification.

[Race name: Night Colt

Attribute: Dark Attribute

Growth stage: Transcendent Stage

Body type: Medium

Washing and Protection requirement: System is upgrading, washing and protection not applicable

Evaluation: Slight]

Whether washing and protection is applied or not is not important. What’s important is, Xu Ran now knows Star’s actual race — a Night Colt.

“Meow!” (Purple is nice!)

Curiously looking at the renewed Star, Ziyun nodded in satisfaction.

It has purple, Star also has purple.

It approves of this little brother!

“Xi-lu-lu~”

Star turned to look at Ziyun, then walked step by step in front of it. Just like rubbing against Xu Ran’s palm, Star rubbed against Ziyun’s smooth and soft fur to express affection.

What should it do now?

Ziyun thought for a while, then, copying the motion of Xu Ran petting its head, it stretched out a paw, using its soft paw pad to rub on the white mark on Star’s forehead.

Stroke stroke (‘o)’*)o=

Seeing the two pet beasts getting along, Xu Ran slightly nodded.

With this, his last concern was gone.

“Star, would you like to form a contract with me and become my second pet beast?”

“Xi-lu-lu~”

What responded to him was Star’s longing neigh.

After getting Star’s affirmative reply, Xu Ran slowly closed his eyes.

Two light yellow vortexes floated and sank in his mind.

This was the power of the second-stage contract.

Compared to the previous first-stage power of the contract, not only has its scale grown, its color became even deeper, and its number divided into two.

One connected tightly with Ziyun’s breath, and the other was without any presence.

That was the extra contract slot gained after reaching the second stage.

Using his mind to urge this power of the contract to wrap around Star in front of him, Xu Ran quickly felt the other’s immediate connection to him.

Contract successful!

The power belonging to Star emerged from its body and flowed into Xu Ran’s body through the contract’s feedback.

Compared to Ziyun, already at the elite stage, the power fed back from Star seemed insignificant, but when Star also breaks through to the Elite Stage in the future, this feedback will become considerable. By then, Xu Ran’s own strength would double directly.

At that time, he could actually confront the transcendent stage pet beasts. When that time comes, he could suppress transcendent stage pet beasts just by his own strength.

As Xu Ran stroked Star’s mane, feeling the joyous emotions from recently contracted Star, he casually opened his personal panel.

[Host: Xu Ran

Contract Power: Second stage

Contract Pet Beast:

Ziyun [View Details]

Star [View Details]

System Skills:

[Plucking Fur (C Level)] (57/100)

[Drug Application (C Level)] (3/500)

[Pranks (D Level)] (0/100)

Pet Beast Skills:

[★★Nightfall] (Teachable)

[★Dark Elemental Pearl] (Non-Teachable)

…(Useless skills omitted)

Physical Points: o

Skill Points: 0

Pleasure Points: 10212

System upgrading, remaining time 04:23:32]

Seeing the addition of Star in the Contract Pet Beast column, a smile spread across Xu Ran’s face. However, as his gaze continued downwards, noticing the One Star skill Dark Elemental Pearl that was listed as unteachable in the skill list, his face took on a look of surprise.

What’s going on?

Dark Attribute Skills can’t be taught to a Dark Attribute Pet Beast?

It was the first time Xu Ran had come across such a situation.

Before, Ziyun just simply accepted any Thunder Attribute skills.

Oh well, let’s first take a look at Star’s details.

Contract Pet Beast: Star

Race name: Night Colt

Attribute: Dark Attribute

Growth Stage: Transcendent Stage (213/5OO)[+]

Race Stage: Leader Species

Skills:

Twilight Watch (Stardust Level)! »*](o/ ioo)

Star Chain (Stardust Level)[**|(0/100)

Night Eyes (Stardust Level)[**](o/ioo)

Night Song (Stardust Level)[**](o/ioo)

Tenacity (Stardust Level)[*](o/ioo)]

What? @@novelbin@@

What???

Observing the four Two Star Skills lined up, Xu Ran’s face was full of astonishment.

As far as he knew, the number of Two Star Talent Skills was commonly used to determine the power of a Leader Species.

Four Two Star Skills, were the limiting number of Talent Skills of a Leader Species and symbol of an elite Leader Species.

Could Star actually have this potential?

He glanced at Ziyun, who was also awakened by an Awakening Stone, yet only had two Two Star Talent Skills, and came up with a guess after some contemplation.

Perhaps, it was related to the situation before awakening.

Before Ziyun awoke, it was just an ordinary kitten.

While Star was the offspring of two Transcendent Beings, it just did not inherit its parent’s species by a small probability.

Perhaps, this Transcendent Power did not dissipate, but hid deep within its bloodline, triggered by the Awakening Stone, endowing it with greater power.

The longer process of Star’s awakening might also be related to this.

Of course, this wasn’t too notable a point for Xu Ran.

With the system’s add points, talent was not that important.

Dark Scale Dragon is an elite Leader Species with four Two Star Talent Skills, didn’t it still get defeated by Ziyun?

The effects of Star’s skills were the most crucial.

Xu Ran had a hunch that Star’s inability to learn Dark Elemental Pearl might be related to his own Talent Skills.

“Come, Star, display Twilight Watch!” Xu Ran commanded.

From the name, could this possibly be a defense skill?

“Xi Lu!”

Star glanced at Ziyun, then neighed, stamping its front hooves on the ground.

“Ding-”

Accompanied by a crisp sound, ripples spread in all directions from where Star touched, on the floor of the shop.

These ripples, upon reaching Ziyun, quickly stuck to it, as if a light film not affecting its mobility was attached to its body.

The next moment, Xu Ran’s eyes widened involuntarily.

As the light film covered Ziyun completely, its momentum rapidly ascended, visibly getting a little taller and maintaining this state.

“Meow?”

The previously leisurely Ziyun laying on the counter was alarmed by this sudden change, immediately stood up, felt the black light film continuously providing it with power, and looked at Star in surprise.

Xu Ran observed Ziyun and then the Star, continuously generating black ripples, with his eyes becoming brighter.

This was not defensive skill but… an amplifying skill!

Moreover, it does not amplify itself, it amplifies allies!

“Try another. Use Star Chain!”

Xu Ran, with a touch of excitement, urged.

“Xi Lu!”

Star nodded, and then neighed again.

Its purple eyes lit up, in the sight of Xu Ran and Ziyun, purple energy covered Star’s body, condensing into an energy saddle and reins.

“Xi Lu!”

Star looked at Xu Ran, its eyes full of invitation and expectation.

Looking at the bridle hanging in the air, awaiting the other end to be held, Xu Ran blinked, “Do you… want me to ride on it?”