Chapter 108 - 89 The Change In Washing And Protectionl

Chapter 108: Chapter 89 The Change in Washing and Protectionl

Translator: 549690339

“Ahem, I suddenly feel like we should discuss the training later.” Xu Jiujiu sat up straight and spoke earnestly, “Boss Xu, please groom my dog first.”

“Alright.” Xu Ran grinned lightly, raising a hand to pat the Frost Dust Wolf’s forehead. “Come this way.”

“I want to watch!” Seeing her pet following Xu Ran towards the Grooming Room, Xu Jiujiu quickly followed, her heart slightly relaxing.

The price for training was identical to the same level of foster care but charged by the hour. Because of her Frost Dust Wolf’s large body size, she was a regular at the foster shop, but she had never seen training prices so ridiculous.

Isn’t this just an added service for foster care? Why is it more expensive than fostering!

While complaining internally, Xu Jiujiu followed Xu Ran into the grooming room, her eyes widened once more as she gawked at the spacious grooming area far exceeding her expectations. She couldn’t help but gasp.

“This is so big?”

“Well… it’s okay.” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched.

He was also surprised.

The grooming room was now ten times larger than before, even a super large pet beast could easily be accommodated. No wonder the system had confidently added foster care service for super large pet beasts.

But the problem is…

Surveying his surroundings, Xu Ran’s expression turned more peculiar.

The shop’s space isn’t this large.

How on earth did the system manage to expand the inner space without making any changes to the external environment? @@novelbin@@

Is it space technology? Or some other high-tech?

Not every customer is as carefree as Xu Jiujiu. Surely, there won’t be any issue, right?

Perhaps sensing Xu Ran’s thoughts, the system suddenly popped up a line of text.

[About the Space Expansion introduction, click to view details]

As Xu Ran clicked on it, lines of introductory text appeared.

After careful reading, Xu Ran’s expression showed understanding.

According to the system’s explanation, such a technology is already present in this world, although it’s higher-end, and foster shops have never used it.

Customers who notice might think he is using a sledgehammer to crack nuts, but they wouldn’t consider it unreasonable.

Feeling reassured, he resumed the grooming session.

Xu Ran casually brought a stool for Xu Jiujiu, “You can keep it company here.”

Then, the pointed to the grooming platform reserved for large pet beasts, “Frost Dust Wolf, come up here.”

“Growl-” The Frost Dust Wolf’s eyes were filled with anticipation as it lightly jumped onto the grooming platform and obediently lay down. Its mouth slightly open, panting, the clear gaze turned to watch Xu Ran.

At this moment, it didn’t resemble a wolf at all, instead, it rather looked like a pure white husky.

A silent inner comment later, Xu Ran walked towards the mixing station to prepare grooming products for the Frost Dust Wolf.

[To enhance the grooming effect this time, the system will provide the host with the relevant knowledge of the “Advanced Grooming for Canine Pet Beast” and “Advanced grooming for Ice attribute Pet Beast”]

Xu Ran’s hand paused slightly.

A gift again?

Each time a specific type of pet beast received grooming for the first time, the system would provide Xu Ran with the corresponding knowledge to compensate for his deficit in that area.

This knowledge wouldn’t be taken back after grooming, just like Xu Ran’s own learning, so the same knowledge wouldn’t be granted again when encountering the same type of pet beast.

He had groomed Ice attribute pet beasts before. Ideally, he wouldn’t receive the gift of “Basic grooming for Ice attribute Pet Beast” again…

Wait a minute!

Xu Ran took a closer look at the floating text before his eyes.

This was not “Basic”, but “Advanced”!

At the same time that Xu Ran realized the difference between the two, the gifted knowledge began to flood his brain like a tide.

Softly closing his eyes for an instant, Xu Ran’s eyes were brighter than ever when he opened them.

Not the same!

Totally not the same!

The knowledge that was gifted to him at this moment was absolutely profound compared to his previous knowledge!

If the previous “Basic” had an information volume of 1, then the current “Advanced” had an information volume of 10!

Looking at the various products he had originally prepared for grooming the Frost Dust Wolf, he furrowed his brows slightly.

The more sophisticated grooming knowledge he now possessed made him reevaluate his previous preparation, immediately feeling rough and crude.

It can be better.

He began to revise the original formula and supplies, a mixture of familiarity and unfamiliarity showed in his actions. Shortly after, he turned to look at the Frost Dust Wolf with a normal expression.

“Come.” He gently began, water with a chilling feeling gushing out from the shower head he held.

The moment the water was sprayed out, the surrounding air temperature dropped by a few degrees. This cold water ought to freeze into ice, but after Xu Ran added some special resources, it had a non-freezing effect.

The icy water gently hitting the Frost Dust Wolf’s back gave it an incomparable comfort, very much like eating an ice lolly on a hot day. This refreshing sensation caused its massive body to shudder slightly.

[Pleasure value from the Frost Dust Wolf +15]

Indeed!

Xu Ran kept a straight face, but he was shouting for joy internally.

Due to the more ingenious mixture of resources added to the bath dew, the Frost Dust Wolf’s comfort level had greatly increased.

Which in turn, produced higher pleasure value!

Even though the shop now offered a foster care service, grooming was still the primary source of pleasure value. The value obtained from the foster care service was lower, but the advantage was that it was sustainable and extremely stable.

Upgraded grooming techniques following the system update meant that the pleasure value yield Xu Ran earned was going to increase significantly!