Chapter 109 - 89 The Change In Washing And

Chapter 109: Chapter 89 The Change in Washing and

Protection_2

Translator: 549690339 |

This upgrade is a real delight!

Xu Ran looked at the massive pup in front of him, his gaze gradually softening.

With such a big body, it would take a long time to wash, right?

He gently stroked the slender white fur of the Frost Dust Wolf, wetting every inch of its body with water, causing the wolf’s fur to cling to its muscles, revealing a robust and smooth curve.

The Frost Dust Wolf’s body couldn’t stop shivering, and in the end, it couldn’t resist shaking its head quickly to shake off the water, at the same time raising its head to let out a satisfying howl.

“AW00-”

Xu Jiujiu, who was sitting beside and watching the whole process, widened her eyes slightly.

What was going on?

Isn’t it just wetting with water? Why is her pup behaving so dramatically?

She couldn’t resist looking at Xu Ran, and after noticing his gaze on the Frost Dust Wolf, her heart skipped a beat again.

This…this kind of gaze…

Boss Xu, you said you were decent!

“Awooo—”

Another weird sound came from the grooming room.

Ziyun calmly tucked her paws under herself, lying on the counter, only occasionally glancing in the direction of the grooming room.

In contrast, Star who was beside Ziyun was not so calm.

The tiny head of the little monster was full of big doubts.

What was happening inside that room?

Why did its Beast Master and that big white dog along with the other Beast Master enter the room, and after a moment let out such strange noises?

For Star, who had never experienced this before, the current situation was inexplicably weird.

It subconsciously turned its head, and after seeing the calm expression on Ziyun’s face, it seemed to understand a little more.

Of course, sister Ziyun had been here longer, she should know what was happening inside!

Even though it didn’t know, it could ask her!

“Xi Lu~” (What’s happening in there?)

“Meow-” (Xu Ran is bathing that dog!)

Ziyun casually waved one paw, indicating that this was a very common situation.

Bathing?

Instead of relieving Star’s confusion, it became even more confused.

Why would its Beast Master bathe someone else’s pet?

Why doesn’t he bathe Star?

“Xi Lu?”

As if facing a curious baby, Ziyun patiently explained the situation of the

Starfire Foster Care Shop to Star.

Very soon, Star understood the meaning of grooming and foster care.

So its Beast Master’s regular job was to take care of other Beast Masters’ pet

beasts…

Star’s eyes filled with longing and envy.

It also wanted to be cared for by the Beast Master…

”Meow-‘

1

(The new skills you learned, that’s what Xu Ran earns from…) Looking at Star’s yearning, Ziyun felt as their team senior, it was necessary to clue it in on a big secret only their closest associates could know.

So, in her vivid storytelling, Star’s longing gradually turned into admiration.

So the Beast Master was working hard to make them stronger by taking care of the pet beasts of other Beast Masters! In this process, he continued to be misunderstood by outsiders due to the strange noises made by those pet beasts.

He truly, it was so touching!

Meanwhile, the sounds from inside the grooming room were getting more and more intense.

Star couldn’t resist looking in the direction of the grooming room again.

It already knew that its Beast Master was inside bathing that big dog, but wasn’t the commotion a bit too much?

At the Mount Beast Breeding Base, there were also staff members who helped it and its companions get groomed.

Washing off dirt, blowing dry and then applying some nice smelling cream that it couldn’t understand, their fur would become more beautiful, even gleaming under the sun.

It was indeed quite comfortable, but not enough to make such noise, right? “Meow-” (Wait until Xu Ran bathes you once, then you’ll understand.) Seeing his young employee’s confusion, Ziyun didn’t explain much.

Some things could not be understood clearly without experiencing them firsthand.

However…

Hearing the strange noise again, Ziyun couldn’t help but shift his gaze towards the grooming room.

The sound today seemed especially excited.

Could it be that this dog…

Is very sensitive?

As time ticks away, the door to the grooming room finally opens. @@novelbin@@

Xu Ran comes out with the Frost Dust Wolf, which looks like a new animal.

Every strand of its fur is immaculate like snow, and upon close inspection, it has a hint of crystalline appearance. Behind them follows Xu Jiujiu who appears flushed with excitement.

Originally, when Xu Jiujiu heard her pet beast making such strange noises, she felt distressed and embarrassed, but she was no ordinary person.

As the Frost Dust Wolf’s howls got stranger, Xu Jiujiu’s mindset also began to alter. She started to find the process stimulating, and an unusual sensation began to bubble up within her.

So she gradually lowered the palms covering her eyes, watched the entire session intently as Xu Ran groomed her pet beast. The more she watched, the more excited she became.

“Are you now going to foster the Frost Dust Wolf here?” Xu Ran strangely glanced at Xu Jiujiu.

She claimed that she’s serious, but she wasn’t too serious herself, right?

If it were not for the system that could only acquire the pleasure value from pet beasts, Xu Ran would even start doubting if he could gain quite a lot from Xu Jiujiu.

Speaking of pleasure value…

An excited look flashed in Xu Ran’s eyes.

Grooming the Frost Dust Wolf gave him a whopping four thousand pleasure points Of course, a portion of this is due to the Frost Dust Wolf being a large-sized pet beast, but more importantly, it’s due to the improvement in his grooming technique!

This system upgrade isn’t fully exploited yet, but what he already discovered is enough to stir his excitement.

“Ah? Oh!” Xu Jiujiu snaps back to reality, makes the payment by scanning the QR code, “A bet is a bet. I’ve paid you for the grooming and one month’s fosterage fee.”

Her face grimaced as she paid, given the prices in Xu Ran’s shop, this wasn’t a small sum.

Luckily, the Frost Dust Wolf hasn’t broken through the elite stage, otherwise she might not be able to afford it.

“All right.” Xu Ran smiled, “Then I will now take the Frost Dust Wolf to the fostering area.”

“Wait! I also want to see!” Xu Jiujiu opened her mouth without hesitation.

Although she had already paid as agreed, as a responsible beast master, she definitely needed to inspect the foster environment.

“Of course no problem.” Xu Ran shrugged indifferently, signaled Ziyun and Star to stay there, then led the Frost Dust Wolf towards the back door.

“So your foster area is underground!” Seeing the underground passage behind the door, Xu Jiujiu’s face revealed her understanding, “I was wondering where you got the space to foster so many pet beasts, turns out you’ve developed an underground space.”

“Won’t it be dark underground?”

“No, there are artificial light sources, there’s no difference from above ground.” While professionally answering Xu Jiujiu’s questions, Xu Ran looked at the foster area direction full of anticipation.

The original foster area was not small, but it absolutely could not accommodate super large pet beasts, let alone the general stage and king stage pet beasts that he had never seen before.

If it could reach this step, it meant the foster area, like the grooming room, had likely undergone some miraculous changes.

So, what were those changes?

In the blink of an eye, the two people and one beast stepped into the foster area.

Seeing the foster area that had changed as expected but beyond his imagination, Xu Ran’s eyes gradually widened.

Firstly, the height of the foster area.

The previous foster area was about twenty meters in height. Being able to open such a space underground was already quite remarkable.

But now, the height of the foster area…

Xu Ran craned his neck to look at the artificial light source that was like a small sun above.

Could it be two hundred meters?

Besides the height, this foster area had expanded roughly ten times in length and width. The original foster area now occupied only a tiny corner. The inhabitants there had been temporarily separated from the other areas, unaware of the changes.

Without a doubt, a normal underground space absolutely couldn’t be so vast. It, just like the grooming room, utilized some kind of spatial expansion technique.

Even Xu Ran was quite astonished, let alone Xu Jiujiu who followed closely behind.

“This…” Xu Jiujiu rubbed her eyes hard, looking at the space that was much larger than she had imagined.

If she hadn’t been informed beforehand, she might even have believed herself to be in an outdoor environment!

“Such a large area?” Xu Jiujiu looked at the other inhabitants in a corner, then the vacant area occupying the major place, “Is this whole area for my dog?” “How could that be possible?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but roll his eyes.

Other pet beasts occupy 1% of the area, and her dog gets 99 /“?

You are indeed the White Wolf girl, no normal person would even dare to think like you!