Chapter 102 - 86: The Magical Star Chainl L

Chapter 102: Chapter 86: The Magical Star Chainl l

Translator: 549690339

It’s been a month since I arrived in this world.

Throughout this month, Xu Ran has acquired many skills through Washing

and Protection, and witnessed countless others. @@novelbin@@

Indeed, some of the skills were quite unique, their effects and displays proving to be incredibly intriguing.

However, Xu Ran had never seen a skill as fascinating as this.

Transforming energy into a bridle and saddle?

Clearly, the skill wasn’t just about energy transformation.

Curious and intrigued, Xu Ran swiftly climbed onto Star’s back, reaching out, he grabbed the other end of the bridle that was suspended in the air.

“Boom!!!”

As his hands touched the bridle, Xu Ran felt a mysterious power linking him and Star together.

Their powers intermingled and merged into a cohesive force.

In this state, he could fully share his power with Star, meaning he could use his hands to project the Dark Attribute power!

“This…”

Xu Ran, sitting on Star’s back, was stunned.

Because of the nurtured power from Ziyun and Star, his power was even more potent than Star’s right after its awakening.

When these forces combined, Star’s strength significantly increased. If he were to use a skill in this state…

Instinctively, Xu Ran wanted Star to use Twilight Watch again for comparison. But before he could issue the command, Xu Ran realized it wasn’t necessary. “Snap!”

He snapped his fingers casually, and within the black ripples, Ziyun’s body was enveloped in a light film.

In this state, he could also use Star’s skills.

Meanwhile, Ziyun’s capacity rose again, and the increase was evidently more significant than the last time.

It really works!

Having his guess confirmed, Xu Ran was overwhelmed with excitement.

So, what’s next…

Xu Ran and Star beneath him simultaneously closed their eyes. When they reopened, their pupils had turned into pure black, devoid of any white.

Two-star Skills, Stardust level – Night Eyes!

Xu Ran had heard of this skill before and was quite familiar with it.

It, like the Pupilless Eye of the Dark Scale Dragon, was a skill that augmented vision, but in different ways.

The Pupilless Eye could foresee opponents’ moves to some extent, while Night

Eyes simply augmented vision, especially night vision.

Because of its purity, it was potent.

At night, Night Eyes can clearly see even the slightest movement thousands of meters away!

Although it wasn’t midnight now, through Star’s Night Eyes, Xu Ran could feel his vision significantly improved. He could see even the dust in the air clearly.

Subsequently, Xu Ran, riding on Star’s back, began to try the last two-star skill – Night Song.

“Xi Lu!”

Star excitedly reared up, preparing to sprint.

A thin layer of dark light rippled around it as if a potent force was brewing inside.

However, the next moment, the thin layer of darkness quietly dissipated. Star’s front hooves awkwardly dropped back to the ground, a hint of embarrassment in its eyes.

This skill, called Night Song, could only be used in darkness.

“A skill that can only be used in the dark, huh…” A smile spread across Xu Ran’s

face, “Well, this skill can come in handy then.”

Two-star skill, Nightfall, teach!

“Xi Lu?”

Star’s eyes widened in surprise and bewilderment.

It felt as if countless experiences of skill usage suddenly surged into its mind, somehow mastering a brand new skill effortlessly.

Star:”!!!”

“Meow-” (Don’t be so excited, that’s basic.)

Ziyun patted Star’s head, its expression profoundly mysterious.

With Ziyun’s simple explanation, Star understood that this skill was taught by

Xu Ran, and there were more skills to come in the future.

In an instant, Star looked up to Xu Ran with immense respect.

My Beast Master is so incredible!

“Whenever we encounter other suitable skills, I’ll keep teaching them to you.”

Xu Ran pet the fur on the back of Star’s neck, his tone full of anticipation, “Now we can test…”

“Xu Ran! Are you there?”

A somewhat familiar voice sounded outside the closed shop door, interrupting

Xu Ran’s words.

“That voice is…” Xu Ran’s eyebrows raised, a short-haired girl with wheat-colored skin appeared in his mind.

Why is she here?

As he opened the shop door, Xu Ran quickly spotted the figure in his mind. By her side, there was a huge wolf with a height of five meters and fur as white and sleek as snow.

It was Xu Jiujiu and her pet beast, Frost Dust Wolf.

“Come on!” Seeing Xu Ran, Xu Jiujiu seemed quite excited, “My dog has become much stronger. Let us duel again…”

Before she could say ‘duel,’ seeing Ziyun inside the shop, who had not only increased in size but also emitted an energy far beyond any ordinary Transcendent Stage pet beast, Xu Jiujiu abruptly stopped.

“You…” Xu Jiujiu’s eyes widened in disbelief, her gaze moving between Ziyun and Xu Ran, before she blurted out, “You’ve made a breakthrough? So quickly?!” Just yesterday, during the competition, he was only a Beast Master at the first stage of contract power. Yet he had made a breakthrough overnight?

Thinking of herself, who excitedly brought her more potent dog over for revenge, Xu Jiujiu felt a mix of emotions.

“Even before the competition, I was just one step away from the second stage..”

Xu Ran had already thought of an explanation, and with a faint smile, he said, “So, did you come to challenge me?”