Chapter 103 - 86: The Magical Star Chain! _2

Chapter 103: Chapter 86: The Magical Star Chain! _2

Translator: 549690339

“It was.” Xu Jiujiu couldn’t help but roll her eyes, “Now that your pet beasts have already reached the elite stage, there’s no point in comparing anymore.” “Not necessarily.” Xu Ran suddenly had an idea and lightly tapped on Star, who was standing nearby, “This is my second pet that I contracted, Star.”

“Eh?” It was only then that Xu Jiujiu noticed Star in the field. After taking a close look at him, her face showed a hint of confusion, “Boss Xu, you aren’t thinking of having it spar with my dog, are you?”

She admitted that her Frost Dust Wolf would definitely not be a match for Ziyun of the elite stage, but at the transcendent stage, Frost Dust Wolf is certainly top-notch.

This horse-type pet beast in front of her that looked quite handsome was clearly inferior to the Frost Dust Wolf in terms of aura. It was considerably far from reaching the peak of the transcendent stage.

Against such an opponent, Frost Dust Wolf could easily defeat it in seconds.

“Comparing doesn’t necessarily mean fighting.” Xu Ran chuckled, “My pet doesn’t have any attack skills, so of course I won’t let it fight your Frost Dust Wolf.”

“Your Frost Dust Wolf is quite good at speed, isn’t it? How about we have a speed race?”

Night Song, the skill that was unsuccessful earlier, could be deployed now in combination with the newly-taught Nightfall.

However, based on the preparatory movement before Star’s deployment and the name of the skill, Xu Ran speculated that it would probably be a skill related to speed.

Testing it in the narrow space of the store would not fully reveal its power. The outdoors would be the most suitable test site.

Xu Jiujiu’s arrival was just in time.

The Frost Dust Wolf was Inherently good at speed. Its Frost Flower Path move used in the previous match left a deep impression on Xu Ran.

Comparing it with Frost Flower Path would provide a good measurement of Night Song’s strength.

“A speed race?” A look of surprise crossed Xu Jiujiu’s face. She clearly didn’t expect Xu Ran to suggest that. Soon, though, a cunning smile appeared, “Alright, we can have a speed race, but how about we add some stakes?” “What stakes do you want?” Xu Ran was taken aback.

“Let me think..” Xu Jiujiu stroked her chin, “Actually, I came over today not just to compare with you, but also to put my dog up for fosterage here.”

“I told you before, I still have unused days from my previous fosterage plan at your store. Now those days are up, and I haven’t forgotten our previous bet.” Xu Jiujiu giggled.

“So for this bet… how about this, if you win, you give my dog a free grooming service. If you lose, I’ll have a one-month fosterage plan at your store all at once!”

In Xu Jiujiu’s view, there was almost no suspense about the upcoming speed race. It was so easy to win that she felt a bit embarrassed to propose too much as stakes.

“So it is settled then.” Xu Ran slightly nodded, “About a kilometer from here, there is an abandoned road that people rarely pass by. The total length is about five kilometers.”

“How about we have a competition there?”

“I have no objections. Do we ride our pets there or advance to the finish line and wait?” Xu Jiujiu casually asked.

“Of course, we ride our pets.” Xu Ran replied seriously, “At this moment, it’s only right that we share weal and woe with our pets!”

What a joke, without the Star chain, how could Star, who just awakened, compete with the Frost Dust Wolf in speed, which already mastered the Starlight Level Frost Flower Path?

“Alright then.” Xu Jiujiu nodded. Seeing Xu Ran leaving the store with his two pets and then closing the door again, she couldn’t help but be curious, “Hey, you were advertising so much during the competition, and today should be a very good business day for you, right?”

“Why isn’t the shop open?”

“The store is under renovation right now to accommodate more customers.” Xu Ran chuckled, “Checking the time, the renovation will probably be completed by the time we finish our race and return.”

“Plus, besides the original services, the store will also offer an accompanying training service.”

“Accompanying training!” Xu Jiujiu’s eyes lit up, “I’m quite interested in this, how much does it cost?”

“Well…” Xu Ran pondered for a moment.

The system hadn’t finished upgrading yet, so he didn’t know the price.

But, barring any unexpected issues…

“The price will definitely be worth the value.” Xu Ran looked at Xu Jiujiu and spoke earnestly.

“Got it, it’s very expensive.” Xu Jiujiu nodded with understanding.

As they were talking, they soon arrived at the abandoned road.

This stretch of highway had seen better days; the road surface was dotted with potholes, making it extremely dangerous for vehicles to traverse. It had therefore been cordoned off with iron nets awhile ago, redirecting the traffic via other roads.

However, no one had come to repair or deal with it yet, leading to its current state of abandonment.

For holding a pet beast race, this was the perfect setting, the uneven terrain even added a certain level of difficulty.

“Pet beasts can use any skills, but they can’t attack each other. Is that clear?” Sitting atop the eager-to-go Star, Xu Ran turn his head to look at Xu Jiujiu, who was beside him.

The wheat-skinned short-haired girl dressed in sporty attire sat adeptly on the back of the Frost Dust Wolf. With each of her hands clutching a tuft of fur, she looked valiant under the sunlight. It was indeed fitting of her title of “White Wolf Girl”.

“No problem!” Xu Jiujiu, unconcerned, nodded quickly.

“Meow!” (Cheer up! Cheer up!)

Ziyun retreated to the edge of the abandoned highway, waving her claws to cheer and invigorate Star.

She would follow the two throughout the race.

With her power at the Elite Stage, using Electric Pursue wasn’t a tricky task. “We’ll start together in 10 seconds!” Xu Ran called out, then started counting down in his heart.

“Xi Lu Lu!” (Charge!)

Star let out an invigorating neigh, lifting his front hoof high and then slamming it down, eagerly anticipating the upcoming race.

Having become a Transcendent Being, this would be his first full-force sprint. The power he had longed for had already brought him speed incomparable to before.

Purple energy emanated from Star and coalesced under Xu Ran into an energy saddle, while two bridles formed at the same time, fluttering in the air.

Two stars Skill, Stardust Level – Star Chain!

A touch of solemnity appeared on Xu Ran’s face because the upcoming speed race would involve his own power as well! @@novelbin@@

He stretched out his hand, slowly gripping the bridles in the air.

On the other side, Xu Jiujiu and the Frost Dust Wolf were also silently counting down ten seconds, poised and ready to go.

Through the Contractual Sensing that Xu Ran couldn’t hear, Xu Jiujiu was cheering on the Frost Dust Wolf.

“If you win this race, Boss Xu will give you a free washing and protection service.”

“It’s worth sixty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six! You must win this race. Use the new skill we just learned!”

“Howl!”

In response, the Frost Dust Wolf let out a battle-ready howl.

The reason One Person One Pet decided to drop by today was not only because the fosterage period for the Frost Dust Wolf was up, but also because the Frost Dust Wolf, through its own diligent practice, mastered a new skill yesterday! Ice Attribute Two Stars Skill, Cold Frost Heart!

This was a skill that could amplify all ice attributes, but at the same time, it would increase the consumption of ice attribute skills. It exchanged greater consumption for stronger power.

Xu Jiujiu and the Frost Dust Wolf had spent a large amount of time practicing this skill. Their continuous losses to Xu Ran and Lyu Guang stimulated the competitive spirit in the Frost Dust Wolf, causing it to inexplicably resonate with the skill and master it.

If the Wolf had mastered this skill during the competition, it was unknown whether the rankings of the Challenge Match would have stayed the same.

The ice attribute skill, Frost Flower Path, that boosted speed also fell under the amplification range of Cold Frost Heart. This time, Xu Jiujiu couldn’t figure how she could lose the speed race…

Suddenly, she noticed an unusual aura surrounding her and swiftly turned her head.

She saw a man and a horse with their auras completely interwoven as if they were one entity. She felt the gradually escalating momentum from Star, which subtly suppressed the Frost Dust Wolf.

Xu Jiujiu’s eyes unwittingly widened, her face full of disbelief.

At this moment, a thought abruptly popped into her mind.

Oh no! I’ve been tricked by this cunning merchant!