Chapter 104 - 87 Run At Full Speed! Star!_I

Chapter 104: Chapter 87 Run at Full Speed! Star!_i

Translator: 549690339

What’s that skill? Can Beast Masters and Pet Beasts actually merge?

Xu Jiujiu’s mind was in a whirl, only returning to her senses when Xu Ran and Star made their sprinting move.

The ten seconds are up already!

Never mind all that, just charge first!

Even if Xu Ran has his special tricks, she won’t be a pushover either!

“Doggy, charge!”

Mildly bending her upper body, steadying herself on the back of the Frost Dust Wolf, Xu Jiujiu pulled slightly on a bunch of long fur she had pre-grabbed.

“Awoooo!”

The Frost Dust Wolf let out a powerful howl, its chilly aura spreading around, condensing the surrounding moisture into countless tiny frost crystals.

With each step it took, new moisture condensed, the previous frost slowly falling to the ground, turning into numerous tiny frost particles.

With the enveloping chill, the Frost Dust Wolf seemed to have gained a boost, appearing even more formidable.

Two stars Skills, Stardust Level- Cold Frost Heart!

Although she hadn’t had the chance to upgrade this skill to the Starlight Level, the visible enhancement to the Frost Dust Wolf was already noticeable.

“Crack??? ”

The first ice flower blossom on its feet, followed by the second…third one and even more, making the Frost Dust Wolf suddenly speed up, carrying Xu Jiujiu, charging forward like a white frost storm. @@novelbin@@

Two stars Skills, Starlight Level- Frost Flower Path!

This skill which Xu Ran was familiar with, under the enhancement of Cold Frost Heart, burst forth terrifying speed!

In just an instant, the Frost Dust Wolf had taken Xu Jiujiu and overtaken Xu Ran and Star who had a head start!

“Neigh!”

Seeing such a speedy opponent, the fighting spirit immediately rose in Star’s eyes.

“We’re using skills as well!” Xu Ran issued a low shout, “Nightfall!”

Star understood, immediately deploying the newly learned skill.

Its dark body became completely pitch-black, its smooth fur which normally reflected sunshine, was now transformed from a glossy to a matte finish, no longer reflecting even the faintest light.

Even its purple mane and long tail at the ends turned entirely black.

What also turned dark were Star’s purple crystal-like eyes.

With the exception of the marking on its forehead which maintained its original color, the rest of Star’s body turned completely black in a breath.

A heavy Dark Power enveloped its body and the small area surrounding it, as if creating a dark atmosphere around its body.

Two stars Skill, Stardust Level- Nightfall!

With the skills deployed, Xu Ran and Star both felt their power draining continuously.

This special skill, which was only usable during the night, was powerful regardless of environment, but it also consumed more energy, draining set amounts of power each moment to maintain the night environment.

“Now…” looking at the Frost Dust Wolf which had almost reached a hundred meters in front, Xu Ran took a deep breath, “Night Song!”

“Neigh!” Star, who had been eagerly awaiting this moment, excitedly raised its front hooves and then stomped heavily onto the ground.

The rebounding force from the ground enabled it to leap in an instant, the pitch-black light film wrapped it layer by layer, the power of darkness transformed into patterns of strange and gaudy light, revolving around Star’s body, looking cool and filled with a sense of mystery.

As this power of darkness enveloped it, Star’s body seemed to merge into the darkness of the night, its speed suddenly rose, leaving a string of black afterimages with each leap.

Two stars Skill, Stardust Level- Night Song!

“Neigh!”

Feeling the wild wind howling in its ear, Star’s eyes were full of excitement.

That’s the feeling!

It used to envy its companions who could easily surpass it with their Transcendent Skills to enhance their speed.

But now, it also had the same power!

At this moment, Star felt as if it were enveloped in the embrace of darkness, its body lighter and lighter, with each leap propelling it tens of metres forward, running freely and calmly, light and swift!

The Frost Dust Wolf in front could no longer widen their distance, the gap between the two stabilized at a little over a hundred meters, with no further changes!

Even though there was a huge gap in Skill Proficiency level with its opponent, Star, after linking up with Xu Ran using the Star Chain, its overall strength surpassed the full-fledged Transcendent Stage, hence, there was no disadvantage in terms of speed!

“Meow-” (Surpass it!)

At the side of the abandoned road, Ziyun’s four paws turned into elemental form, easily catching up with the two. At this moment, seeing Star’s burst of speed, excitement welled up in its eyes, and it couldn’t help cheering it on. “Neigh!” (Charge, charge, charge!)

With the encouragement from the leader, Star felt more confident, as if boundless power was being pumped into its trotting hooves, its speed was getting faster as it got the hang of things.

Closer! Even closer!

The body of the Frost Dust Wolf started to enlarge in its vision.

The distance between the two began to shorten!

“Hmm?”

Sensing the approaching presence behind her, Xu Jiujiu couldn’t help but look back, her face changing when she saw Star’s current state.

So fast?!

This Horse-type pet beast’s skills doesn’t look like they’re just at the Starlight Level!

If it manages to surpass us, it’ll be so embarrassing.

What’s more important is, the free Washing and Protection would be gone too!

“Doggy, we’ll speed up too!” Xu Jiujiu shouted in a low voice, “For your Washing and Protection, charge!”