Chapter 113 - 91 Full-Energy Star 2

Chapter 113: Chapter 91 Full-energy Star 2

Translator: 549690339 |

At his feet, Ziyun sat quietly with her pair of differently colored eyes easily finding the stars in the dark night sky.

It held no envy towards its younger brother having such a large area, only felt happy for Star. After all, it could sleep with the Beast Master, something the younger one could never enjoy due to its size and habits.

Soon, Star who was enjoying his frolic came running back to Xu Ran, its head affectionately rubbing against his cheek, indicating its joy.

I’m glad you like it.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, and the smile on his face gradually faded, looking a bit serious, “Right now, you’re only at the Transcendent Stage. Ziyun, who contracted with me earlier, has already reached the Elite Stage.”

“Your father, Chasing Wind, is also at the Elite Stage. If you want to run faster, you also need to quickly upgrade to the Elite Stage, or even reach higher realms in the future.”

“Meow-”

Ziyun on the side nodded in agreement and released a bit of her own Elite Stage aura.

Feeling the strong aura of its older sister and hearing Xu Ran’s words, Star’s initially restless heart after becoming a Transcendent Being gradually calmed down.

That’s right, becoming a Transcendent being, is merely the first step.

It can become even stronger and run even faster!

“Xi lu hi!” (What should I do?)

Star, full of vigor, let out a cry, his eyes like purple crystals seemed to be burning with flames.

Seeing this, Xu Ran nodded with satisfaction.

Very good.

Having Contracted Pet Beasts, he naturally wouldn’t raise them for free.

Given Star’s immense talent, it couldn’t be wasted.

Therefore, urging it to train and become stronger must be made a priority.

‘The answer is training!” Xu Ran said seriously, “Only through continuous hard training will you become stronger!”

“Every single one of your skills can increase in proficiency through training. At the current Stardust Level, when your proficiency reaches a certain level, the skills will be upgraded to the Starlight Level and undergo a qualitative change.” “After the Starlight Level, there are higher proficiency levels, but you don’t need to worry about that now. Your goal now is to upgrade all your skills to the Starlight Level through continuous training!”

Once you reach this goal, your power will increase significantly. It will then be time for you to breakthrough in your growth stage to the Elite Stage!” Ziyun is currently at the stage where all her skills have reached the Starlight Level. When you reach this stage, you can be as powerful as her.”

“So, keep at it!”

“Xi lu lu!” (I want to train!)

Having his future painted by Xu Ran ignited all of Star’s passion, fire was seen burning in its eyes, it let out an excited cry, unable to wait to start training!

Then let’s set off now!” Xu Ran bellowed, his smile becoming wider.

He had his own ideas about raising Pet Beasts.

He wouldn’t favor any of his pet beasts, but giving newly contracted Star the same amount of resources as Ziyun was obviously inappropriate.

Appropriately teaching Plucking Fur to gain skills would not affect Ziyun’s advancement. But the Skill Points and Skill Fusion Stones that both could obtain, needed to be carefully allocated.

Previously, Ziyun had improved all her skills to Starlight Level through her own efforts. Star should at least strive to achieve this before he could enjoy the treatment of getting extra points.

In the meantime, Star could be provided with the Energy Abundant Potion similar to what was done during Ziyun’s initial training days.

About Skill Fusion…

Xu Ran currently had seven Skill Fusion Stones and a new system feature to exchange specified skills – Recycling. He wanted to first attempt to upgrade one of Ziyun’s skills to Three Stars through fusion and see what happens.

So, the Fusion of Star’s skills is not urgent for now.

Even so, Star’s current treatment is much better than Ziyun’s at first. At that time, using Energy Abundant Potion was very stingy. Now, there are enough potions for Star to squander freely.

Moreover, Star’s upcoming training will take place in the Training Area, which is much better than Ziyun’s initial training environment.

Following Xu Ran through the Foster Area, both pet beasts spotted another entrance wrapped in a light film.

This is the entrance to the Training Area, no one can enter without my permission.” Xu Ran explained, pressing a few buttons on the Control Hub, “I have given both of you the authority to enter and exit freely, so you can enter when you want.”

“Let’s go, I’ll take you two to have a look.”

Leading the two curious pets, Xu Ran entered the elevator-like entrance again.

“This is the Dark Attribute, and this is the Thunder Attribute.” He pointed to the symbols corresponding to the Dark Attribute and the Thunder Attribute, “If you want to train in the corresponding areas, just press on the corresponding button.”

After saying this, Xu Ran first pressed the Dark Attribute button.

The familiar sensation of weightlessness came in an instant, and in a breath, the surroundings changed drastically.

Outside the elevator was a tranquil and serene night, devoid of any sound. The bright moonlight and stars enshrouded the unevenly undulating grassland under their feet and the contours of the dense forest in the distance.

“Xi lu lu-”

Starchain let out an excited neigh, the sound echoing in the night.

Unlike the dark area where it resides, the night here is as real as it can be; it could sense a tremendous sense of dark power pervading every inch of the surrounding area.

You can only stay in this training space for a maximum of six hours a day,” Xu Ran softly began, “If you exceed the time limit, you will be forcibly sent back to the foster area, and you can only re-enter the next day.”

If it weren’t for this restriction, I would actually prefer you to live here,” Xu Ran shrugged, “It’s a more suitable place for your growth and improvement. In the future, you can stay here for six hours a day, then go back.”

“Meow-”

Starchain nodded excitedly in understanding.

It would give anything to stay in such an environment all the time, and certainly would not waste a minute.

“Alright, now I’ll teach you how to train,” Xu Ran smiled, brainstorming as the system’s prompt duly arrived.

[In order to improve the efficiency of this accompanied training session, the system will impart to the host the related knowledge of the “Twilight Watch Skill Training Guide”]

[In order to improve…]

Twilight Watch, Star Chain, Night Eyes, Night Song, Nightfall, Tenacity.

The training guides for five two-star skills and one one-star skill instantly flooded Xu Ran’s mind, the sheer volume of information making his temples throb slightly.

However, at the same time, his heart was filled with excitement.

As expected, the idea of getting the training guides for free was feasible!

After digesting this content, Xu Ran turned and walked toward the training equipment warehouse.

“Let’s start with Twilight Watch…”

“Alright, now you just train these six skills according to the way I just taught.” “Meow!”

Starchain nodded vigorously, keeping the Beast Master’s guidance firmly in mind.

This is a key factor for it to become stronger!

“This is a special drink that can keep you energized for three consecutive hours,” Xu Ran pulled out a whopping seven bottles of Energy Abundant Potion, placing them in a corner of the training equipment warehouse.

“You already have the skill Tenacity, and the Transcendent Power in this environment is denser, plus this potion, enough to undergo six hours of training.”

“So don’t drink too much, one bottle a day is enough.”

Starchain didn’t speak, but walked directly to the Energy Abundant Potion bottle, holding the bottle firmly with its two front hooves, and biting off the stopper at the mouth of the bottle.

“Poof-dang dang dang-”

Watching Starchain disappear into the night and start to use every second of its invaluable six hours of training, Xu Ran patted Ziyun, who was quietly sitting beside him, “Next, it’s your turn.”

“Meow-” (Add points add points!)

Expectancy filled Ziyun’s eyes.

[Host: Xu Ran

Contract Power: Second Stage

Contract Pet Beasts:

Ziyun [View Details]

Starchain [View Details]

System skills:

[Plucking Fur (C-level)] (57/100)

[Drug Application (C-level)] (3/500)

[Pranks (D-level)] (1/100)

Pet Beast Skill: None

Physical point: 94 (Available)

Skill Points: 10 (Available)

Pleasure Value: 15123

System Upgrade Experience: 0/2000] @@novelbin@@

The one-hour training for the Frost Dust Wolf gained 1 point of Prank experience and 10 skill points, plus the 94 physical points gained from the previous feeding session.

Add points intensively!