Chapter 110 - 90: You Call This A Training Field?!_L

Chapter 110: Chapter 90: You Call This a Training Field?!_l

Translator: 549690339

Pulling out the control hub, Xu Ran began adjusting the foster area.

The original isolation between the resident areas and other areas quietly disappeared. Under Xu Ran’s adjustments, their environment areas expanded one by one, becoming more reasonable.

Xu Ran then casually transformed an area into a snowy knoll that lasted all year round, “This is for the Frost Dust Wolf.”

“Very nice,” Xu Jiujiu nodded satisfactorily. @@novelbin@@

Of course, she knew that her previous suggestion was impossible. She was already very satisfied that a large ice attribute environment could be allocated for her dog.

This money was not wasted.

[Pleasure value +2 from Armored Rhinoceros]

[Pleasure value +2 from Frost Dust Wolf]

[From…]

Watching the Pleasure Value feedback from the inhabitants after environment adjustment, a rich smile appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

After the system upgrade, the manifested environment of the foster area is not only larger but also has a higher concentration of energy. The inhabitants live more comfortably, and the Pleasure Value obtained from the environment has increased correspondingly.

He suddenly looked forward to the Pleasure Value provided by feeding.

If this also gets upgraded…

Looking at the time, it was time to feed the inhabitants. This is a good opportunity to test it!

“I’m going to prepare food for all fostered pet beasts. If you’re interested, you can watch,” Xu Ran turned his head to look at the curious Xu Jiujiu.

“Sure!” Xu Jiujiu’s eyes lit up, she left the Frost Dust Wolf frolicking in the snow and quickly followed Xu Ran.

Being able to see the source of the food provided by the foster shop is naturally better.

Moreover, she had seen a rumor on the forum…

It’s said… the food Xu Ran feeds the pet beasts in his shop is not so straightforward.

Before this, Xu Jiujiu had scoffed at this idea.

How can feeding food be dishonest? Could it be that something is added to it?

But after witnessing Xu Ran’s washing and protection process, she became somewhat uncertain.

[To improve the feeding efficiency this time, the system will give the host the relevant knowledge of “Advanced Nutrition of Frost Dust Wolf Race”]

As expected, it’s different.

As Xu Ran prepared food for the Frost Dust Wolf in the preparation room, his eyes lit up.

With expectations, he noticed the difference for the first time.

The word “Advanced” was added.

Advanced Nutrition Science should be more profound than the previous Nutrition Science, right?

The knowledge that flowed into his mind confirmed Xu Ran’s guess.

Taking a deep breath, Xu Ran took out various resources and started preparing food for the Frost Dust Wolf according to the newly acquired knowledge.

A moment later, watching the Frost Dust Wolf, whose eyes were misty, sitting on the highest point of the snowy knoll and sending out howls to the sky, its lonely character suddenly highlighted, and its face full of longing for its partner, Xu Jiujiu was dumbfounded.

Indeed! As expected, the food that Boss Xu feeds to fostered pet beasts is not normal!

Looking at the food bowl which still had some food left, Xu Jiujiu casually picked up a small piece and put it into her mouth.

Hmm… it tastes like chicken, pretty crispy.

It’s surprisingly delicious!

Looking at Xu Jiujiu who was stealing dog food, Xu Ran couldn’t stop himself from rolling his eyes.

Fortunately, these foods are harmless to humans, but you can’t just eat them like this!

Someone had completely forgotten his earlier taste of cat food.

Looking at the Pleasure Value provided by the Frost Dust Wolf during mealtime, which as expected had improved along with the progression of Nutrition Science knowledge, Xu Ran coughed lightly, “If there’s nothing else, I’m going to feed the other pet beasts.”

He pointed at the food bowls next to him.

These were prepared for the other pet beasts.

“No problem! You go, I’ll feed my dog!”

Xu Jiujiu walked cheerfully towards the Frost Dust Wolf with a food bowl, while eating it’s food.

From the looks of her, the Frost Dust Wolf definitely couldn’t be satiated this time.

Of course, considering Xu Jiujiu’s food intake, it won’t cause the Frost Dust Wolf to starve, so it doesn’t matter.

Ignoring the one person and one pet, Xu Ran quickly walked with the food bowls to the area where other pet beasts were fostered, and shouted loudly, “Dinner time!”

A few breaths later, a group of pet beasts surrounded him, their eyes full of anticipation.

“This is for Armored Rhinoceros.” Xu Ran handed the largest food bowl to the earliest resident of the Foster Shop, then grabbed another bowl, “This is for the Fire Monkey.”

A monkey-type pet beast bathed in flames agilely came forward, received the food bowl and began to feast.

Soon, the food bowls for other pet beasts were also distributed one after another.

While waiting for them to eat, watching the soaring Pleasure Values, Xu Ran’s expression also became pleasant.

After the meal, Xu Ran collected the food bowls and returned to his original place, noting Xu Jiujiu still interacting with the Frost Dust Wolf.

His expression became somewhat strange.

Because their way of interacting… was somewhat peculiar.

The food bowl placed aside was already empty. This person and dog… ah no, one wolf hugging each other, rolled happily in the snow.

Looking at Xu Jiujiu’s slightly petite body completely buried in the fluffy and soft fur of the Frost Dust Wolf, Xu Ran couldn’t help but touch his chin.

It seems quite comfortable.

Ziyun’s fur is also very smooth and fluffy, but it is too small.

He had previously promised Ziyun to teach it Reduction skill, but now it seems he can also consider the corresponding Giantification skill, which makes it bigger.

Xu Jiujiu, noticing Xu Ran watching her, wriggled out from underneath the soft belly of the Frost Dust Wolf with a smirk, “Boss Xu, my dog wants to try a sparring session!”