Chapter 111 - 90: You Call This A Training Field?!_2

Chapter 111: Chapter 90: You Call This a Training Field?!_2

Translator: 549690339

Hm?” Xu Ran blinked his eyes.

From Xu Jiujiu’s previous reaction, he had assumed that she would be deterred by the price of the accompanying training service.

He was wondering how to coax a client into experiencing the service, but surprisingly, Xu Jiujiu changed her mind again.

Of course, Xu Jiujiu had her reasons for changing her mind.

Previously she was indeed deterred by the price.

However, having witnessed first-hand the extraordinary washing and foster services of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, Xu Jiujiu inevitably became interested in the remaining accompanying training services.

Since the price is 666 yuan per hour, trying for an hour wouldn’t be a significant loss.

If the results were satisfactory, Xu Jiujiu would grit her teeth and manage to bear the training costs for her dog. If the results were not satisfactory, she would naturally discontinue the service.

“Alright.”

Xu Ran nodded heavily, anticipation gleaming in his eyes.

He had already found the entrance to the training area.

“Follow me.” Waving at Xu Jiujiu and the Frost Dust Wolf, Xu Ran headed towards another side of the foster area.

After passing through the area, a striking underground entrance appeared before them.

Unlike the underground entrance at the rear door, this looked more like a large elevator entrance.

Upon entering the elevator, there were ten different symbols on the side of the door, corresponding to ten attributes. After choosing the ice attribute, the elevator began to descend.

The feeling of weightlessness lasted only a moment, and before the two humans and one pet realized how deep they had fallen, the surrounding scenery had completely changed.

Outside the elevator were rolling snow-covered mountains and glaciers in between them. They seemed to have been instantly transported to a snowfield where the view was filled with endless snow everywhere.

So… is this the second floor underground or even deeper?

Well played, system.

Xu Ran casually praised, his face unruffled as he looked at the dumbfounded

Xu Jiujiu, “Welcome to the Ice attribute training ground.”

“You, you, you… do you call this a training ground?” Xu Jiujiu stepped out of the elevator and felt the cold air rushing towards her, she was stupefied, “Didn’t you just transport us to a snowy mountain area directly?”

Even a simpleton like Xu Jiujiu could tell something was off.

“There is no such technology, you’re thinking too much,” Xu Ran calmly shook his head, “It’s just spatial technology, these snowy mountains and everything else here are man-made.”

Armed with the explanation provided by the system, his confidence was much stronger.

“That’s amazing!” Xu Jiujiu seriously exclaimed, and then asked, “So what exactly is your accompanying training service like? I want to train Frost Flower Path.”

Under normal circumstances, accompanying training services require customers to specify the target skill for training, and the service provider’s duty is to supervise and assist in training.

“Alright, Frost Flower Path it is,” Xu Ran nodded lightly, and a line of text appeared in front of his eyes.

[In order to improve the efficiency of this accompanying training, the system will grant the host the relevant knowledge of the “Frost Flower Path Skill Training Guide”]

A single skill training guide?

Xu Ran was slightly surprised, he initially thought the system organized accompanying training according to attributes, he didn’t expect the system to be so detailed.

However, with this in mind…

A hint of delight appeared in his eyes.

Does this mean he can use this method to freeload off his own Pet Beast’s skill training guide?

As this idea occurred to him, a wealth of knowledge poured into his mind simultaneously.

Just a training guide for Frost Flower Path was much richer in content than he had imagined.

On top of the practical comparisons of various Pet Beasts demonstrating the Frost Flower Path, there are multiple training methods to improve the skill proficiency of Frost Flower Path. Depending on the Pet Beast species and the current training stage, there are different choices for training methods.

Too bad, this knowledge doesn’t include the teaching method for Frost Flower Path skill, so it can’t help those Ice attribute Pet Beasts that don’t have this skill master it.

But with this guide, when a Pet Beast trains this skill, their efficiency will undoubtedly be significantly improved!

“Frost Dust Wolf,” Xu Ran quickly picked out the most suitable training method for the Frost Dust Wolf’s current condition from the abundant methods, “Let’s go skiing next!”

After saying this, he walked towards the Equipment Warehouse near the entrance of the elevator, leaving a bewildered Xu Jiujiu and Frost Dust Wolf behind.

Skiing?!

What the hell?!

Before the two humans and one pet could regain their senses, Xu Ran had already hauled out a sled and four strange-looking big boots from the Equipment Warehouse.

The boots were not compatible with human feet at all, judging by the style and size, it seemed like they were prepared for the Frost Dust Wolf, and they were connected to the sled.

Giving the Frost Dust Wolf boots to wear? And pulling a sled?

Xu Jiujiu’s expression became increasingly confused.

This… wasn’t quite how she had imagined the accompanying training to go was it?

While she was still lost in her confusion, Xu Ran had already nimbly helped the Frost Dust Wolf put on its boots, wrapping all four of its snow-treading paws tightly.

After getting on the sled, Xu Ran glanced at the still-shocked Xu Jiujiu and patted the seat beside him, “Do you want to come up?”

“Huh?!” Xu Jiujiu snapped out of her daze, looked at Xu Ran who was prepared to start, and quickly called out, “Take me with you!” @@novelbin@@

Sitting next to Xu Ran, watching the boots-wearing, still visibly excited Frost Dust Wolf up ahead, Xu Jiujiu’s expression became complex.

Qingzhou City was not a suitable habitat for ice attribute pet beasts.

Here, the climate was mild in winter and cool in summer, and there might not be a snowfall for years.

Therefore, there are few ice attribute pet beasts active here.

Most of the ice attribute beasts owned by the Beast Masters in Qingzhou City were exchanged through certain channels from other regions.

Although there were plenty of ice attribute areas created by transcendent power, these areas were at most similar to the snow mound that Xu Ran had constructed earlier.

The wolf probably only saw real snow mountains shortly after it was born right??? ’

Therefore, even when wearing uncomfortable boots, it was still very excited. Honestly, Xu Jiujiu did not believe this method was genuinely beneficial to the Frost Flower Path skill, but…

Watching the Frost Dust Wolf run wildly, howling loudly, and driving the sled quickly across the snowfields, she also let out excited screams along with it.

It was, after all, time for it to have fun for once!

As for Xu Jiujiu’s thoughts, Xu Ran, who sat beside her, was completely ignorant.

If he knew, he would definitely cry out injustice.

This is definitely a training method for the Frost Flower Path, just a little unconventional.

But then again, it’s normal for the system to do abnormal things. If the system was doing something normal, then that would indeed be abnormal.

According to the training guide and analysis of the Frost Flower Path skill, the manifestation of this skill is to condense ice crystal flowers under the feet. But that’s only a reflection of it.

The core of it is the circulation of ice energy in a unique pattern beneath the feet, augmenting speed.

The ice crystal flowers are merely an external manifestation of this rotation.

The boots provided by the system, infused with a trace of fire attribute power, can suppress the circulation of ice power. Combined with the Frost Dust Wolf’s discomfort with the boots, it greatly reduces the efficiency of its use of the Frost Flower Path.

Moreover, it has to pull the sled.

Just like weightlifting is a form of exercise, such suppression, if maintained for a long time, would surely step up the Frost Dust Wolf’s use of the Frost Flower Path once unsealed.

In addition, the vast transcendent ice power flowing in the surrounding ice-friendly environment, although not as effective as an energy potion in granting beasts endless power, can greatly speed up their recovery.

This training might look unconventional, but it is as legitimate as it gets.

Now, this is what pranks are about!

[Pleasure value from Frost Dust Wolf: +5]

[Pleasure value from Frost Dust Wolf: +5]

[Pleasure Value from…]

Seeing the continual pleasure value feedback from the Frost Dust Wolf, Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Though running wildly on a snow mountain would consume its energy, for the

Frost Dust Wolf, it was a process of absolute happiness.

Pleasure value? Piece of cake!

[Skill points from Frost Dust Wolf: +1]

Um?

Xu Ran straightened up instantly.

Here it comes!

The skill points he had been eagerly waiting for were finally here!

Smiling increasingly wider as he watched the occasional skill point notification amidst all the pleasure value notifications, Xu Ran’s face melted into a smile.

One hour later.

Jumping off the sled, Xu Jiujiu watched as the Frost Dust Wolf, now out of its boots, moved through the snowfields with greater speed than before. The wolf left behind blooming ice crystal flowers on the snowy ground as it moved, looking like a white ghost, which gradually left her mouth agape.

Its proficiency truly improved, and…

The results were immediate!