Chapter 119 - 94: Time For Pranks!_2

Chapter 119: Chapter 94: Time for Pranks!_2

Translator: 549690339

However, thinking that he only had one skill fusion stone left, and the chances of success were low, Xu Ran’s excitement quickly cooled down.

Er… I’ll keep that in mind but might swap it later when I have more skill fusion stones.

It was not long before the skill with the best chances of fusion with the self-healing power was found out to be a skill called “Recovery”. The fusion success rate of these two skills was even higher than that of the “Blood Fury+ Frenzy”, reaching 27.9%.

I’ll remember this one too.

Just as Xu Ran was preparing to go through the exchange list, looking for skills compatible for the next three-star skill, new customers arrived.

“Boss! I’m back after a few days!” Su Xiaoxiao’s voice was as cheerful as ever, and as soon as her words fell, she already arrived in front of Xu Ran, holding her Flame Fox.

“Are you here for washing and grooming?” Xu Ran asked with a smile.

“I do need grooming, but not today.” Su Xiaoxiao brushed the Flame Fox’s head, speaking softly, “Consider this as an appointment, I’ll bring Flame Fox for grooming the day after tomorrow.”

“Because you haven’t been opening the shop as usual these days, I’m afraid you might also be busy when the time comes.”

“You don’t have to worry too much about that.” Xu Ran shook his head and explained, “We’ve been closed recently because of the shop’s expansion and business upgrade. We will return to regular service hours moving forward.” After all, we can’t have system upgrades every day.

“Well, that’s reassuring.” Su Xiaoxiao sighed with relief.

“May I ask why are you grooming day after tomorrow?” He then casually gave the Flame Fox a system identification. It’s still pretty clean, but it’s time for grooming.

“Because the day after tomorrow is the Teen Beast Master Pet Beauty Contest in Qingzhou City!” Su Xiaoxiao explained cheerily.

“This competition is for Beast Masters under twenty years old. Based on the pet’s appearance, disposition, and performance, it determines a winner.”

“If you do well in the competition, you might even earn extra points for the college entrance exam!” When she said this, there was a glimmer of longing in Su Xiaoxiao’s eyes.

As a freshman, if she could earn extra points for the college entrance exam, it’s like being one step ahead of her peers.

“So there’s such a competition.” Xu Ran nodded, now understanding Su Xiaoxiao’s insistence on grooming the day after tomorrow.

It’s too bad that the entry requirement for the Pet Beast Beauty Contest is under twenty years old, which he has already surpassed.

Otherwise, if they took Ziyun and Star to participate, the advertising effect might be even greater than the challenge match, after all, this is a beauty contest, the effects of the grooming are immediately noticeable.

“Don’t worry, I’ll reserve time for you the day after tomorrow.” Xu Ran gave a definite answer, and then casually asked, “Are any of your other classmates participating? Do we need to reserve time in advance?”

She has been a regular customer after all, it’s only right to take care of her.

But of course, there’s no way there will be a discount.

“They’re not participating.” Su Xiaoxiao shook her head, “The competition’s participation is selected within the school. Back then, I got this opportunity because of your grooming, Boss Xu. A Yue didn’t get it.”

“Although An Xun got the chance to participate later through other means, she gave up.” Su Xiaoxiao paused, “When Gu Ling transferred schools, the selection was already over, and she doesn’t seem to be interested.”

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, still regretting that he couldn’t advertise.

“Don’t worry, Boss Xu.” It seemed like Su Xiaoxiao guessed something from Xu Ran’s regretful expression and she smiled, “If Flame Fox does well, I will definitely help promote your shop! I’ll let the audience know he was groomed at the Starfire Foster Care Shop!”

According to the teacher’s assessment of her, as long as her Flame Fox is groomed like before, it will be a strong contender for the top three in this beauty contest!

If they achieve this, a part of it should be attributed to Boss Xu, and it’s only right to help him advertise.

Uh… Boss Xu seems to love advertising. He should be happy, right?

Uh?

Xu Ran lifted his head, there’s more appreciation in his eyes looking at Su Xiaoxiao.

She is indeed teachable.

That being the case, he should make his appreciation known.

“Your grooming the day after tomorrow is free!”

“Yay!” Su Xiaoxiao was so happy she almost cried.

Finally, she’s got some benefit from the boss! She must show off to her sisters when she goes back!

“Oh yes!” Having arranged the grooming, a weight was lifted off her mind, and Su Xiaoxiao suddenly reacted, “Boss Xu, did your shop upgrade its services in these past few days?”

She turned to look at the price sign without hesitation.

When she saw the grooming price for the Super Large Pet Beasts, Su Xiaoxiao couldn’t help but exclaim.

It’s so expensive!

Fortunately, Flame Fox is a small pet beast. Even if she improves the growth stage in the future, it won’t grow too large. From this perspective, she really saved some money. @@novelbin@@

Then she saw the prices for the General stage Pet Beast and the King stage Pet Beast’s fosterage, and Su Xiaoxiao couldn’t help but gasp.

It turns out… the payment is made in points!

These things are not easy to get. Nobody is willing to sell them for money. Her parents are also Beast Masters, and they saved a few over the years, but so far, Su Xiaoxiao hasn’t earned any Beast Master Points herself.

However, thinking that these two levels are far from her current capabilities, Su Xiaoxiao felt she don’t have to worry too much about the problem.

If she ever attained such strength, she would undoubtedly be able to earn plenty of Points!

Go for it! Su Xiaoxiao!

After cheering herself on, Su Xiaoxiao’s gaze fell on the last row of the Price Menu.

Sparring?

Does the shop offer sparring services now?

There was a hint of surprise on Su Xiaoxiao’s face.

In other Foster Shops, sparring was an added service to fosterage; that is to say, without foster care, they could not provide sparring services alone.

But according to Boss Xu’s price list, it appeared that the two services were given equal weight.

“Boss, can we spar without necessarily fostering?” Su Xiaoxiao asked.

“Yes, you can spar directly,” Xu Ran nodded.

“Then I… I will have the Flame Fox train for an hour!” Su Xiaoxiao spontaneously suggested, hardly hesitating.

A Transcendent Stage pet beast only costs 666 bucks per hour. Although it’s not cheap, it is not unaffordable either.

“No problem.” Xu Ran stood up and headed towards the back door. “Follow me.”

Oh, not in the shop?

Curious, Su Xiaoxiao followed, soon realizing something.

That’s right, the store was too small to have space for foster care and training, so the boss must have set these services up…

In the basement?!

Seeing the spacious underground passage, Su Xiaoxiao’s mouth dropped open in surprise.

“It’s pretty big down there, brace yourself,” Xu Ran said, seeing Su Xiaoxiao’s astonishment.

Is she surprised? The real show is yet to come!

“Wow!” Moments later, Su Xiaoxiao continually gasped in amazement as they entered the foster area. She never calmed while passing through numerous areas belonging to different Beast Masters.

Hasn’t she seen the pig run even if she hasn’t eaten pork? Even though Su Xiaoxiao never fostered her Flame Fox, she has a good understanding of foster care.

Such luxurious foster conditions are impossible to find anywhere else!

Su Xiaoxiao glanced at a dog rolling on a snow hill not far away.

That was the Frost Dust Wolf of the White Wolf Girl, right? I heard there was a bet between the two in the semi-finals, seems like the former kept to her word and fostered it here.

“We are here.”

The voice of Xu Ran brought Su Xiaoxiao back from her curious observation.

Seeing the light film covered tunnel ahead, a realization hit her.

Apparently, the end of this tunnel is the training area.

They both passed through the light film, and as Xu Ran pressed the fire attribute button, there’s a moment of weightlessness in the elevator.

Next, the scenery around them changed abruptly.

It was a volcano, spewing lava!

Feeling the heat coming towards her, Su Xiaoxiao’s mouth opened wide.

This…

Is this the training area?!

“What skills does the Flame Fox need to train? Do you have a training target?” Xu Ran casually asked.

“Huh?” Su Xiaoxiao was still coming back to her senses, so Xu Ran asked again.

“Um… let me think.” Su Xiaoxiao glanced at the Flame Fox. On a whim, she hadn’t thought this through, but it didn’t take her long to come up with something, “Let’s train Flame Dance for an hour!”

This skill is Flame Fox’s highest DPS skill, also displayed at the

day-after-tomorrow’s Pet Beast Beauty Contest. If she can improve it through training, it would be more helpful for the competition.

“Ok.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Next, it was time for some pranks!