Chapter 117 - 93 New Skills And New Plan 2

Chapter 117: Chapter 93 New Skills and New Plan 2

Translator: 549690339??? —

Shaking off his scattered thoughts, Xu Ran took out various equipment from the training equipment warehouse next to him, all custom-made by the system for Ziyun.

Under his guidance, Ziyun quickly grasped how to use these new training methods to enhance the proficiency of its five skills.

Thinking about the power of the strike just now, Ziyun couldn’t wait to start.

“Alright, you two keep the good work.” Xu Ran checked the time, “I’ll come to pick you and Star up in six hours.”

“It doesn’t have to be all training; remember to balance work and rest.” Thinking of how exhausted Ziyun would be after each three-hour training session, Xu Ran reminded it.

Well… Star didn’t need this advice, it had tenacity.

Naturally, Ziyun had no objections to Xu Ran’s arrangement, but upon hearing Xu Ran mention Star, it suddenly remembered something.

“Meow-” (Star saw the washing and protection of the Frost Dust Wolf and also wants you to do the same for it!)

“Really?” Xu Ran slapped his own forehead, “Good thing you reminded me, I almost forget. I should give it a washing and protection too.”

How could a new member just arrived home not experience the joy of cleaning and caring?

“Meow-”

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun immediately displayed an expression that read this home’s falling apart without me sooner or later”.

(

—

w~)n

Then let s clean Star after its training is finished.”

After checking Ziyun’s training for a while and confirming that it had thoroughly mastered the new pranks training method, Xu Ran quickly turned around and left, heading back to the shop on the first floor.

As the reputation of the shop was firmly established, business at the Starfire Foster Care Shop started to boom. Not long after Xu Ran opened the shop door, a tall and thin man carrying a fluffy pet beast walked in.

As soon as he stepped in, the tall man scrutinized the entire Starfire Foster Care Shop with slightly inspecting eyes. When his gaze fell on the price menus of Starfire Foster Care Shop, especially the newly added ones, a noticeable astonishment flashed across his eyes.

“Welcome-”

Xu Ran, who had barely warmed his seat, got up with an unchanged expression, walked up to the man, and glanced at the pet beast in his arms.

It was a round roll of a creature, where its head and body were indistinguishable. It looked like a soft golden cushion.

It had fine fur on its body, but at first glance, its fur was almost invisible. Its matte texture looked more like an oversized mochi.

Seemingly sensing Xu Ran’s gaze, this little creature squirmed in the man’s arms, its two eyes full of curiosity as they twinkled at Xu Ran.

With that squirm, Xu Ran recognized where it was from.

Light Attribute pet beast, Bright Group.

“What services do you need? Our shop has…” Xu Ran’s gaze shifted from the Bright Group to the gaunt man’s face. He was about to introduce the services of the shop but was interrupted by a wave of the man’s hand.

“I want you to clean and care for this Bright Group…” The man stated his needs, then paused slightly, “is that alright?”

“Of course, that’s no problem.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, his gaze returning to the Bright Group.

Appraisal time.

[Race name: Bright Group

Attribute: Light Attribute

Growth Stage: Transcendent Stage

Body type: Small size

Washing and Protection Requirements: *☆*■?**

Evaluation: A pet beast that happens to need cleaning and caring. Behind this coincidence, there may be a deeper secret. However, all secrets will be shattered under the magical hands of the host.]

Why is this evaluation so cryptic?

Xu Ran couldn’t help but comment in his heart, then he spoke, “I’ll take it to the grooming room now. Would you like to accompany me or wait outside?”

“I choose to accompany you.” The tall man’s eyebrows furrowed from the moment Xu Ran readily agreed, and they deepened at his question.

He didn’t recognize me?

And he even offered to let me watch the caring process.

If that’s the case… I won’t hold back.

Fang Liming handed the Bright Group in his hands to Xu Ran and followed him into the grooming room.

He was curious to see what makes this suddenly appeared shop, with its outrageous prices, yet able to attract a lot of his customers, so special…

Fang Liming stopped at the entrance of the grooming room.

He was flabbergasted at the vast space inside.

This… this is the grooming place?

It’s so big?

As the owner of the Dawn Foster Store, which is widely recognized as the number one pet grooming shop in Qingzhou City, he takes great pride in the fact that his shop is the only one in the city that can provide grooming services for super large pet beasts.

Therefore, upon seeing Xu Ran’s shop also offering grooming services for super large pet beasts, he, who had initially come with an inquisitive intent, now had a mind for comparison.

From the outside, the shop looks so small, it’s impossible for it to accommodate super large pet beasts for grooming, so why is its internal space so ridiculously large?

The grooming area in his own shop prepared for super large pet beasts is only half as big as this, and although it claims to provide grooming service for super large pet beasts, in reality, it can only accommodate those of a smaller size.

Those that reach the maximum limit of super large pet beasts, that is, the beasts with a body length of thirty meters, still can’t be groomed in their shop.

How could such a shop, seemingly not that big, have such an enormous space? Could it be…

Fang Liming widened his eyes, considering a particular possibility.

From the bragging of another friend who had seen the world, he learned about a special technique that could enlarge space. This technique was used by the Beast Master Association to collect special and precious items.

At the moment, the space was clearly bigger than what was perceived from outside. Could it be employing a similar technique?

But… to use such a technique, in grooming?

That kind of space-expanding technique, every expansion requires a cost much more than building something in reality, and what it costs is not money, but various precious resources.

What’s the deal with the owner of this shop?

“You can sit over here.”

The noise Xu Ran made while moving the stool snapped Fang Liming back to his senses.

He nodded silently, sitting in his position, watching Xu Ran’s movements.

Upon entering the grooming room and being hit with this shock, his previous subtle intentions disappeared quietly. Anyone who could use that technique was not someone he could contend with.

But when it comes to grooming, the final judgement lies in the grooming results.

If this guy’s grooming effect is not good, everything is useless.

The Bright Group is an elemental pet beast, but unlike elemental pet beasts, its body has tiny hairs, and there is a clear boundary between its insides and outsides. However, dirt can easily seep into the body from the surface.

It’s very challenging to groom it.

Simply cleaning the surface isn’t enough. @@novelbin@@

The interior of the Bright Group needs to be cleaned in a special way as well. We can easily find out if this guy has any skills during the grooming session!

“You little one, all your dirt is inside, huh?” After receiving the advanced grooming knowledge from the system, Xu Ran took out a flashlight and shined it on the body of the Bright Group.

The Bright Group’s opaque body turned semi-transparent under the strong light. As an elemental pet beast, the Bright Group doesn’t have organs like viscera, but under the light, you can see a small amount of murky shadows. That is the dirt hidden in its body.

The grooming of the Bright Group, being an elemental pet beast, is much more difficult than the Sea Wave Flower. After all, the Sea Wave Flower itself is like a stack of petals that can be directly cleaned inside by peeling off the petal-like tissues.

But the Bright Group has a clear boundary between the inside and outside of its body, making it impossible to clean it in such a way.

The method to groom it is rather challenging.

But it’s quite stress-relieving.

After fixing a number of high-intensity lamps around the Bright Group to make it semi-transparent from all angles, Xu Ran began to mix the bath dew. This time, it won’t be a rinse.

Xu Ran quickly mixed a slightly viscous pale gold bath gel, and then used a brush to gently apply it to every inch of the Bright Group’s body surface.

“Mmm~”

The Bright Group gently trembled. It, who had been silent all along, ceased its limp state the moment the brush gently swept across its body, evenly spreading the viscous and warm bath gel.

Its body tensed up, quickly transforming from a puddle on the grooming platform to a solid ball shape, like an inflated basketball, greatly increasing the elasticity of its body surface.

[Pleasure Value from Bright Group +13]

[Pleasure Value from Bright Group +13]

[From….]