Chapter 114 - 92: Fusion, Three Star Skill! _1

Chapter 114: Chapter 92: Fusion, Three Star Skill! _1

Translator: 549690339

After adding physical points, Ziyun’s growth stage progressed from the initial 5687 to 5781, taking a small step towards the upper limit of 20,000.

Next, were the 10 skill points.

The difference between adding points to physique and skills became evident at this time.

Add points to physique, Xu Ran didn’t need to hesitate, because there was only one choice.

But Ziyun has a total of five skills, each skill can be added points.

This involves the issue of skill point distribution.

After some consideration, Xu Ran diverted his gaze from the other three skills and landed on the Thunder Roar and Electric Pursue skills.

These two skills were closer to three stars. According to the previous plan, Xu Ran wanted to try to acquire a three-star skill through fusion first, so these two skills had a higher priority for adding points.

Among these two skills, Thunder Roar had a higher priority than Electric Pursue.

Although Electric Pursue also has a certain damage output, it’s mainly used for significant speed increase. Ziyun’s speed was already not weak, but the output was still not good enough.

In Xu Ran’s simple thought, if he can’t kill the same stage with one strike, the output isn’t good enough. When Ziyun was at the transcendent stage and fought against Frost Dust Wolf, it took two Thunder Roars, and it got injured when it encountered a stronger Dark Scale Dragon.

Therefore, the output needed to be increased!

Thunder Roar was a pure output skill. If it could be upgraded to three stars, Ziyun’s strength would certainly increase significantly.

So…

Without hesitation, Xu Ran directly added all the skill points to Thunder Roar.

[Contract Pet Beast: Ziyun

Race Name: Electric Chasing Cat

Attribute: Thunder Attribute

Growth Stage: Elite Stage (5781/2OOOO)[ + ]

Species Stage: Leader Species

Skills:

[★★ Thunder Roar (Starlight Level)] (92/5OO)[ + ]

[★★ Electric Pursue (Starlight Level)] (91/5OO)[+]

[★★ Battle Instinct (Starlight Level)] (33/5OO)[+]

[★ Self-healing Power (Starlight Level)] (24/5OO)[+]

[★ Blood Fury (Starlight Level)] (4O/5OO)[+]]

“Meow!”

With Xu Ran’s addition of points, Ziyun suddenly shuddered all over.

As a Thunder attribute pet beast, it actually felt like it had been electrocuted at this moment, and the sensation flashed by quickly, and then Ziyun suddenly felt something more in its mind.

This feeling was slightly similar to acquiring a skill, but what appeared in its mind was different.

When acquiring a skill, what appears in Ziyun’s mind were images of various different transcendent beings using the skill, most of which were entities that Ziyun had never encountered before.

These images would pop up one after another, eventually converging into the commonalities of the skill, allowing it to comprehend in an instant how to use the skill.

At this moment, there was also an image in Ziyun’s mind, but the main character in the image was Ziyun itself!

Once… twice… tens of times… hundreds of times…

In the images, it unleashed Thunder Roar under various circumstances. All these experiences turned into Ziyun’s own experience of using Thunder Roar as if it had experienced so many training sessions, thus enhancing the proficiency of the skill.

This…

This kind of feeling…

The colorful eyes of Ziyun gradually widened.

This was… the feeling of being lazy without completely being lazy!

“Let’s go, we’re heading to the Thunder training area.” Xu Ran glanced at the stars disappearing into the night, and turned and walked towards the elevator entrance.

He had another task to do.

That was to use the already decomposed skill fragments to exchange for a two-star skill suitable for fusion with Thunder Roar, and attempt to fuse it again to see if he could acquire a three-star skill.

If he was really successful, then the Thunder training area would be the best testing ground.

“Meow-” (Fine!)

Ziyun’s eyes brightened.

Although the skill points gave it a sense of skill proficiency, it was still the first time it had received this. To validate whether this added point was effective, Ziyun needed to verify it through practice!

It believes that the purpose of Beast Master taking it to the Thunder training area is exactly that!

Was it a reminder that even if it gained points without labor, it shouldn’t indulge in this behavior and needed to digest it through real training?

It got it!

Xu Ran, who entered the elevator, glanced at Ziyun following closely behind him.

Why was this little guy so eager? @@novelbin@@

But it was a good thing.

He was worried that adding points would cause Ziyun to lose the motivation to work hard, but now it seems that this little guy had a good attitude.

Xu Ran raised his hand and pressed the button with the symbol of Thunder attribute. After a brief weightlessness, the scene around him changed again.

The deep darkness disappeared, but the light did not come yet.

The oppressively dense thunder clouds covered everything in the area, like a hand covering the palm from the sky.

In the ink-colored cloud masses, purple electric arcs lurking like spiritual snakes. Occasionally a thunderbolt fell, reducing the exposed stones below to dust.

The entire region was filled with extremely strong Thunder element. As soon as he stepped in, Xu Ran’s hair stood up like an explosion.

“Is it so amazing?” Even Xu Ran was taken aback by the spectacular sight of this area.

He almost doubted whether everything in this area was real.

“Meow-”

Ziyun held up its head high, looking at the dancing Thunder Snakes in the sky, its eyes showed a trace of reminiscence.

From its memories, when it was a stray cat and encountered thunderous weather, it would curl up in the corner of the street, trembling helplessly at the thunderous sound.

Fortunately, that’s not the case now. It’s already a transcendent being, and also a Thunder attribute transcendent being..