Chapter 112 - 91 Full-Energy Star I

Chapter 112: Chapter 91 Full-energy Star i

Translator: 549690339

A bonus chapter for the Silver Alliance’s Rippling Spring Sounds, 7/10.

“Boss Xu, can’t you give it to me for a little less?”

Returning to the first floor of the Foster Shop, Xu Jiujiu’s face was full of a pained expression, “I’m paying for 60 hours of training in one go!”

“Our shop’s services are worth the price paid.” Xu Ran answered seriously.

“I know your services are worth it, but…”

Xu Jiujiu wanted to argue a little, but Xu Ran cut her off quickly, “Therefore, there will be no discount.”

Xu Jiujiu:”…”

Ah, this hateful profiteer!

She couldn’t help but roll her eyes, and without hesitation, she finished the payment using the QR code. Then, she turned her head towards the Frost Dust Wolf sticking its tongue out at her, and went to hug its large head.

“Good boy, I’m leaving. You stay here and behave. I’ll summon you when I need you. I’ll come and visit when I have time.”

“Aoow~” The Frost Dust Wolf gave a reluctant howl and licked Xu Jiujiu’s cheek with its tongue.

“Alright, I’m going!” Xu Jiujiu gritted her teeth, restrained the reluctance in her heart, let go of the Frost Dust Wolf’s soft fur, and turned to walk towards the shop door.

“Hey! Are you going the wrong way?” Seeing the direction Xu Jiujiu was heading towards, Xu Ran couldn’t help but call out, “The bus station is over there.”

Xu Jiujiu lives quite far from here, and after fostering the Frost Dust Wolf, she could only take the bus back, right?

“I’m broke! I’ll walk home!” Xu Jiujiu hummed lowly, touched her empty pocket, and walked a bit faster.

“Ah, this…” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

Was that necessary?

The next second, seeing Xu Jiujiu take a detour as if nothing had happened and sneakily head towards the bus station, Xu Ran finally burst out laughing.

What an interesting character…

It wasn’t until Xu Jiujiu’s figure disappeared from sight that Xu Ran turned back to face the Frost Dust Wolf, which still wore a reluctant look on its face.

“Considering your current condition, I will set up a 2-hour training time for you every day.” Xu Ran stroked its large head. “In your other time, you’ll be fine staying in the foster area. You can communicate with other residents, but you shouldn’t fight.”

“Aoow~”

The Frost Dust Wolf’s eyes weren’t too fierce. On the contrary, it seemed quite well-behaved. It shook its head, and its fluffy ears swayed with a “duang-” sound.

It had noticed earlier in the foster area that many of the other residents were elite beings whom it simply couldn’t beat…

Fighting and killing were so unpleasant; living in harmony was what mattered!

“Then I will send you back now.” Xu Ran paused slightly in speech. “Ziyun, Star, you two come with me too.”

The training module is so magical, of course, our pet beasts should not miss out.

Also, Star and Ziyun are different. Star needs a more extensive field for daily running and galloping. The living area on the second floor of the shop is not suitable for its living conditions; it needs an area in the Foster Area designated exclusively for it.

Before, Xu Ran was pondering on how much space to give Star. After all, the foster area was getting overcrowded with the increase of residents, there wasn’t much space left. The area designated for his own pet beast couldn’t be smaller than that of the foster care residents, could it?

The expansion of the foster care space just solved his problem.

“Meow-” Ziyun agilely jumped down from the counter and appeared by Xu Ran’s feet, its face hinting at its urge to go.

During Xu Ran’s conversation with Xu Jiujiu, it had heard everything clearly.

Xu Ran had taken the Frost Dust Wolf to experience the shop’s new accompanying training service!

Combining what Xu Ran had said previously, after the competition ended, he’d be able to add points to the skills’ proficiency very soon. The smart Ziyun immediately guessed that the accompanying training service was the key to add proficiency to the skills!

So… can skills be enhanced soon?

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star snorted, its eyes also filled with excitement.

However, its excitement was somewhat different from Ziyun’s.

Xu Ran had said earlier that it would be staying in the Foster Area tonight.

Now that he’s taking it down there, could it be that they were going to the place where it would stay tonight?

It should be more spacious than the stables prepared for it at the Mount Beast Breeding Base, right?

Two pet beasts, each with different expectations, faithfully followed behind Xu Ran.

After returning the Frost Dust Wolf to its designated foster area, Xu Ran caressed Star’s long mane, then touched a few buttons on the control hub. @@novelbin@@

In an instant, an area that occupied a full one-tenth of the total Foster Site, which was ten times the size of the previous Foster Site, lost all artificial light. In its place was a rising artificial crescent moon and even stars scattered across the sky.

It was an artificial night, but it was almost real.

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star’s eyes, which were like purple crystals, suddenly lit up. Looking at the vast dark area, anticipation and a bit of apprehension filled its eyes.

“You guessed right; this area is all yours.” Through the strengthened contractual sensing, Xu Ran captured the source of its unrest and gently addressed it.

The apprehension in Star’s eyes disappeared instantly and was replaced by unparalleled excitement.

This area was much larger than the entire Mount Beast Breeding Base!

Although the Mount Beast Breeding Base was large, it had to share it with hundreds of companions. But at this moment, it could monopolize such a big space!

Star neighed and quickly ran towards the night. The Night Song instantly activated, and as the pitch-dark runes moved around its body, it seemed to completely merge with the darkness. Like a fish in water, it moved freely.

Squinting at the elusive shadow flashing through the darkness, Xu Ran’s face revealed a hint of a smile. He stood quietly at the edge of the dark area..