Chapter 116 - 93 - New Skills And New Plans_L

Chapter 116: Chapter 93 – New Skills and New Plans_l

Translator: 549690339 I

“Step-”

With a light leap, it reaches the top of the hill in front of eyes. Purple halos flow in the pair of strange eyes of Ziyun.

Countless electric arcs travel around its body and eventually pour into the

earth.

“Boom???? ”

A thunderous roar sounds, a sky thunder bursts from the gloomy thunder cloud in the sky towards the ground, tearing the dim sky apart, and illuminating the slender silhouette of Ziyun.

“Get ready, start!” Xu Ran, watching this scene from a hundred meters away, can’t help but feel a bit nervous.

The leader species is showing the three-star skill, this probably never happened before, right?

He doesn’t even know what a spectacular scene that would be.

Ziyun, who heard Xu Ran’s words through contractual sensing, gave a firm look in this direction from afar, then quickly raised his head.

“Meow???? ”

A long and majestic sound, centered on Ziyun, instantly spreads to the distance, like it’s amplified by a device, so Xu Ran can still hear it very clearly even a hundred meters away.

The next moment, an abrupt change occurs!

“Zzzzt? ”

Accompanied by the sound of continuous electric arcs piercing the air, in the gradually widening eyes of Xu Ran, horrific thunderbolts exploded instantaneously within a range of a hundred meters, taking Ziyun as the center!

They are wandering, they are interweaving. Minor electric arcs merge into a thicker one, and the thicker ones shatter at any time, splitting into minor arcs.

The electric light, reflecting everything in front of Xu Ran!

That is… a sea of thunder and lightning with a radius of a hundred meters!

Three-star skill, Starlight Level-Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound!

After several breaths, this sea of thunder gradually dissipates, but electric arcs are still constantly wandering in all the areas previously covered, demonstrating its magnificent power.

“Meow-” Ziyun’s figure is as swift as an electric current, it teleports back to Xu Ran at once. It’s a little dejected because of the previous outburst, but its excitement is particularly clear in its eyes.

“Awesome!” Xu Ran’s face is also excited, he hugs Ziyun who pounces on him, with a trace of admiration, looking at the area covered by Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound.

Is this the power of a three-star skill?

This is more than one and a half stars stronger than the previous Thunder

Roar!

Thunder Roar could only cover a conical area within a radius of 20 meters, while Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound now covers a spherical area within a radius of a hundred meters, even including the ground and high air. As long as it is within a hundred meters of Ziyun, it can be hit instantly. @@novelbin@@

It’s really rare to have such a large attack range at the Starlight level, in addition, Xu Ran can feel with his naked eyes that the intensity of the strike is also much stronger than Thunder Roar.

He has a feeling that if he steps into the sea of thunder and lightning just now, he may instantly turn into charcoal.

From the electric arcs that are still permeating from the ground, you can see that this skill also has certain continuous damage. As for how much, it needs an actual opponent to be estimated.

Of course, such a powerful skill is not completely flawless.

From Ziyun’s current state, you can see that the casting of Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound consumes a lot from it.

So this skill cannot be released as frequently as Thunder Roar. For now, it can only be used as a decisive critical skill.

“Drink this.” Xu Ran took out a bottle of Energy Abundant Potion and handed it to Ziyun, “Then I will guide you to train.”

“Meow-” (No problem!)

Ziyun skillfully took the Energy Abundant Potion, held the bottle with its two front paws, bit the bottle mouth and slightly exerted force. Accompanied by a “pop” sound, the Energy Abundant Potion was easily opened and was consumed between its breaths.

After it consumed so much from casting Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound just now, it anticipated that it would need a lot of Energy Abundant Potion for the following training of this skill.

“Okay, let me tell you how to train your skills.” Xu Ran started with a smile, and had a thought in his heart.

[in order to improve the efficiency of this sparring practice, the system will grant the host the related knowledge of “Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound Skill Training Guide”]

[In order to improve…]

Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, Electric Pursue, Battle Instinct, Self-healing Power, Blood Fury.

Like Star, all of Ziyun’s skills also have the corresponding training guides. Next, under Xu Ran’s guidance, the training efficiency can be greatly improved.

Moreover…

Looking at Ziyun’s current one-star Self-healing Power and Blood Fury skills, Xu Ran shows a thoughtful expression.

Although the star levels of these two skills are not high, they have helped

Ziyun a lot in the past.

Ziyun works hard in training, so getting injured is inevitable, and the burst of Blood Fury can also play a decisive role in a crucial moment, such as the final champion battle of the Challenge Match.

Previously there were no conditions, and the skills that Xu Ran obtained were not suitable for Ziyun.

NOW that it has a recycling function, as long as there are enough skill fragments, you can exchange skills to merge with these two skills to get stronger skills.

At least, should they be upgraded to two stars?

TWO one-star skills can be blended into a two-star skill. This way, it only needs 20 skill fragments, which is acceptable.

The tenacity skill of Star also needs to be improved in the future. Speaking of it, Liu Gu’s Wind Lion Dog often comes for washing and protection, but after that one time at the beginning, Sea Wave Flower has not been washed and protected.

After all, this guy is very clean and doesn’t get itself dirty easily.

We need to find a way to let it get washed and protected again, and see if we can get a self-healing power for Star as well. This skill hasn’t been found on other Pet Beasts that have been washed and protected, so it should be quite

rare..