Chapter 115 - 92: Fusion, Three Star Skill’ 2

Chapter 115: Chapter 92: Fusion, Three Star Skill’ 2

Translator: 549690339 |????????? ’ —

It now holds the power to control thunder and lightning!

Even the heavenly thunder, it could control in the future!

Thinking about it caused Ziyun’s heart to surge with pride.

“Meow-” (Let me start training now!)

It couldn’t wait to become stronger!

“Training? Wait a moment.” Xu Ran looked at Ziyun in surprise. He had no idea why looking at the sky had made this little guy more enthusiastic about training.

Training was a given, but first, they had to work on skill fusion.

He once again activated the recycling function and noticed the balance of 55 skill fragments in the corner of the recycling interface.

He initially thought this balance was a substantial amount, but then after looking at the skill exchange list, it felt like he had nothing.

They only had enough to swap for one two-stars skill and one one-star skill, or five one-star skills.

He hoped that would be enough to make Thunder Roar a three-stars skill!

Xu Ran sighed softly, then started to look through the list of two-stars Thunder attribute skills.

The skill exchange list of the recycling function has one not bad feature.

That is, you can directly select one or more skills a Pet Beast already possesses, and check the fusion probability of the skills in the list with the selected skills. A really user-friendly feature.

Of course, it wasn’t entirely user-friendly.

After looking through an entire page, none of the skills had a greater than 1% fusion success rate with Thunder Roar. Xu Ran sighed helplessly and moved to the next page.

No good… @@novelbin@@

No good…

Still no good…

After an unknown amount of time, Xu Ran looked through all available two-stars Thunder attribute skills that could be exchanged. The highest fusion probability was only 3.1%.

He didn’t believe that none of these Thunder attribute skills were suitable for Thunder Roar. The reason these skills’ fusion probabilities were so low was probably because Thunder Roar itself was a fused skill.

To fuse it again meant combining Electric Spark, War Roar, and a new skill – three two-stars skills – into one fusion.

Xu Ran had never tried to fuse three skills together, but out of curiosity, he previously selected Ziyun’s Electric Spark, Electric Arc, and Battle Instinct with a skill fusion stone. The displayed fusion success probability was less than one in a thousand.

While the compatibility of the skills was a factor, it proved that the more skills combined, the lower the probability of successful fusion, and the rate of decrease was geometric.

Therefore, even step-by-step fusion didn’t look promising for Thunder Roar.

“Meow?” (What’s wrong?)

Seeing Xu Ran’s slowly sinking face, Ziyun cocked its head slightly in confusion.

“It’s nothing.” Xu Ran took a deep breath, knelt down and stroked Ziyun’s head, and elaborated. “You heard Senior Gu talk about the rules of evolution.” “I hope to fuse Thunder Roar with another two-stars skill, so that you can have a three-stars skill.”

“Meow?” (Did Washing and Protection obtain a new two-stars’ skill?) Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun’s first reaction was to ask this, and it asked with genuine curiosity.

“No.” Xu Ran shook his head and explained the recycling function in a way that Ziyun could understand, “Anyway, right now I can choose any two-stars skill to fuse with Thunder Roar, but all have a low probability.”

He had seven skill fusion stones, but it was uncertain whether they could achieve fusion given such low probabilities.

The Pleasure value required to draw a lottery had increased tenfold, and he only had enough balance for one draw. Although the rate at which Pleasure value accumulated had increased, it was still difficult to get more skill fusion stones in a short time.

So, it’d be better to find a two-stars skill with a higher success rate.

His lower limit was a fusion probability of 5%.

After hearing Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun blinked.

So, as long as a Beast Master’s Washing and Protection achieved a sufficient level, it could teach it any skill?

Thunder Roar had low fusion probabilities with all Thunder attribute skills?

If that’s the case…

“Meow~”(Why not try the two-star skills without Attributes?) Ziyun took a moment to seriously consider, then cutely tilted its head. Hmm?

Xu Ran’s eyes lit up.

Yes!

Apart from Thunder attribute skills, Ziyun could also teach skills without any attributes!

These types of skills were known as common skills, and a Pet Beast of any attribute could potentially learn them naturally or through training.

After being reminded by Ziyun, Xu Ran suddenly realized that one of the skills fused to create Thunder Roar, War Roar, was indeed a two-stars common skill! Could it be that Thunder Roar has a higher compatibility rate with common skills?

With that in mind, Xu Ran didn’t hesitate to open the tutorial page for the common skills, flipping through them one by one.

Moments later, Xu Ran’s scrolling hand halted.

There really is one!

A two-star skill called “Roar,” which has a 5.2% fusion success rate with Thunder Roar!

No, wait a bit more!

Xu Ran looked at the two thirds of the common skills he hadn’t checked yet, like a treasure trove.

Maybe there might be a higher one! Be patient!

He flipped through each one, until he finished with the last page of the two-star common skill exchange list.

And then…

“Page 43! Page 43!”

He muttered under his breath, instantly flipping the list back to a middle page, then fixed his gaze on one skill.

After flipping through everything, he was sure this was the skill most suitable for merging with Thunder Roar.

Two-star skill, sound wave.

The effect of this skill is to use sonar-like sound waves for large area detection. This simple skill is two stars because the detection range is really large, and under the same Starlight Level proficiency as Thunder Roar, its detection diameter is five times that of Thunder Roar.

If Xu Ran was not looking at the fusion success rate, he would never consider this skill as it doesn’t seem to have a lot to do with Thunder Roar.

What’s more, it has no attacking power, and Xu Ran hopes for Thunder Roar to transform into a more powerful skill after fusion.

However, the system clearly tells him with an 8.2% initial success rate that this is the skill most suited to Thunder Roar.

So, should he choose this, or choose other skills that could potentially enhance Thunder Roar’s power but have a lower probability of fusion?

Xu Ran only hesitated for a moment before making his decision.

Let’s go for this one!

Even though he hasn’t figured out much of the pattern of skill fusion, but one thing he’s sure is that he would continue to fuse skills into Thunder Roar in the future.

Three stars are not the end for the skill initially meant for Electric Spark.

Later fusions will inevitably be more difficult, so choosing the most suitable skill each time might be the key to ongoing fusion.

Confirmed! Exchange for sound wave!

Xu Ran, who had made up his mind, acted swiftly.

Exchange, tutorial, fusion!

First time… second time… third time…

8.2%… 11.3%… 14.6%…

Xu Ran clearly felt that the success rate increased less after each failed fusion, but once the arrow was drawn, it had to be let fly. Since he chose skill fusion, he could only go ahead, otherwise all efforts would be wasted.

Finally… on the sixth try!

[Fusion success]

Looking at the words that popped up, Xu Ran let out a heavy sigh.

Having one left is already quite good.

He immediately opened Ziyun’s interface and looked at a brand new skill that replaced Thunder Roar in the skill bar.

[★★★Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound (Starlight Level)] (92/500) [+] Three stars!!!

Xu Ran was silent for a moment, then he burst into laughter amidst the thunderstorm.

Success!

It really worked!

With skill fusion, Ziyun, as a leader species, mastered a three-star skill that can only be used by a king species!

Moreover, it’s a talent skill!

This means that when Ziyun evolves into a king species, there will be one less threshold!!

At this moment, Ziyun was also surprised.

Unlike Xu Ran who has a system panel, it couldn’t clearly judge the star level of the newly mastered skill called Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound.

But it could feel that after the birth of this skill, the heavy chains that seemed to bind its body were shattered, and it felt a sense of comfort from the deepest part of its body.

It took the most solid step towards a higher life level!

Something unseen has already changed!

“Come on, Ziyun, let’s try out the power of the new skill!” Xu Ran pointed to the thunderstorm land fiercely.

Though Thunder Roar was merged with the non-injurious skill Sound Wave, whether there is an increase in power of Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, we’ll only find out by trying!

“Meow!” (Okay!)