Chapter 118 - 94: Time For Pranksl L

Chapter 118: Chapter 94: Time for Pranksl l

Translator: 549690339

[Extra chapter 8/10 for Silver Springs Pledge]

Watching the current state of the Bright Group, Fang Liming’s eyes narrowed slightly.

He brought this Bright Group here, so he certainly would not be unfamiliar with it.

The Bright Group, as a species, has a unique way of expressing emotions.

Under ordinary circumstances, its body will relax, giving an overall soft and droopy vibe. However, during significant emotional fluctuations, it will quickly tighten its body, presenting a complete spherical shape, and dramatically increase its surface elasticity.

This state is called the “Spherification” of the Bright Group.

A Bright Group feeling comfortable during the washing and care process will likewise go into Spherification. Fang Liming had observed this when he had cared for it in the past.

But…so quickly?

The bath gel being applied to its body has already caused such significant emotional fluctuations?

With a lingering hint of doubt and curiosity in his eyes, he turned his attention to the light golden gel in Xu Ran’s hands. However, despite looking for a long time, he could not discern anything.

While Fang Liming was observing, Xu Ran had already thoroughly scrubbed the whole body of the Bright Group. At this moment, each strand of fine fluff on the Bright Group’s body was evenly enveloped in the light golden gel.

Immediately afterward, Xu Ran put down the bath gel, took off his gloves, and started rubbing his hands together.

Huh?

Fang Liming was confused.

What is he preparing to do?

In his understanding, the way to give the Bright Group a wash and care was to apply the Light Attribute Pet Beast-appropriate gel on it and then gently patting its body, causing the dirt inside it to slowly move and be absorbed by the gel.

It appears there is no need to do what Xu Ran is doing…

“Mm-”

The suddenly loud sound from the Bright Group abruptly interrupted Fang Liming’s thoughts. Watching Xu Ran’s movements, Fang Liming’s eyes widened in surprise.

Xu Ran placed one hand firmly on the Bright Group while the other hand was tightly clenched into a fist, pushing down hard onto the Bright Group’s body.

Under Xu Ran’s force, the Bright Group, which in its Spherification state had elasticity comparable to a basketball, easily deformed. Its body surface bore a visible dent where it made contact with Xu’s fist, changing into the shape of a gold ingot over time.

The ecstatic cries of the Bright Group kept coming, but the voice contained no pain, only excitement.

[Pleasure value from Bright Group +25]

[Pleasure value from Bright Group +25]

[Pleasure value from…]

Seeing how Xu Ran’s fist had released the Bright Group, which returned to its spherical shape instantly, with the entire darkened area that had been in contact with the fist now showing a large amount of dirt — much more efficient than gentle patting — Fang Liming fell silent.

Is this another way of Bathing and Nurturing?

He felt enlightened.

However, his enthusiasm lasted only for a moment. He quickly realized that this method of Bathing and Nurturing required a strong force from the Caretaker, which not everyone could accomplish.

After the ‘Punch Press’, Xu Ran washed off the previous gel and re-applied the new one onto the Bright Group. Opening his palms, he placed them on both sides of the Bright Group’s body. His fingers alternately pressed down in a rhythmic pattern, his movements seemed gentle but carried a significant force.

Every time his fingers pressed down, a part of the Bright Group’s body would protrude out from under his fingers, which then returned to its original shape as soon as Xu Ran lifted his fingers.

The dirt that wasn’t cleaned off in the previous step started to slowly emerge from within the Bright Group’s body under the delicate kneading of this step.

After cleaning again, providing surface maintenance, and applying the Essence…

The Bathing and Nurturing process was carried out in an orderly manner. Fang Liming’s expression was continually changing as he observed Xu Ran’s actions throughout.

When the fully Bathed and Nurtured Bright Group was handed back to him, Fang Liming was completely silent.

Meeting the pure colored Bright Group, under the bright lamp, resembled a light ball. Each strand of its golden fluff was incredibly smooth and reflected light under the lamp. Even after the treatment, it remained Spherified, due to the delight it was experiencing. Fang Liming had to admit that the Bathing and Nurturing services provided by this shop were far superior than his own.

“Boss Xu, your skills are impressive! I, Fang Liming, am impressed.” Flaunting a somewhat lofty demeanor, Fang Liming, holding the newly revitalized Bright Group, turned and left.

Impressed?

Looking at the strangely toned customer, Xu Ran displayed a perplexed expression on his face. But since the person had already gone far, he didn’t bother to pursue the matter.

Throughout the process, he didn’t recognize Fang Liming’s identity, after all, he was unaware of the status of other Foster Shops in Qingzhou City.

Because of the presence of the System, he had never regarded other Foster Shops as competitors.

Speaking of which…it seemed he had acquired another skill after this Bathing and Nurturing session.

[★Warm Glow] (Not Teachable)

This is a renowned skill from the Bright Group species.

Simply put, it allows the Pet Beast to glow and provide a certain level of warmth, just like a portable warm light.

Although this Light Attribute skill couldn’t be taught to Ziyun and Star, now that the Recycling function is here, there are other ways to handle it.

A moment later, seeing the number of skill fragments remaining on the Recycling interface increase from 15 to 16, Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction. @@novelbin@@

Since no other customers had come in, Xu Ran, who was back at the counter, wasn’t too busy. Out of boredom, he opened the Recycling interface, and began to search for One-Star skills that could fuse with Blood fury and Self-healing Power.

Huh? This skill looks pretty good!

Checking the exchange list, a skill named [Frenzy], with a 21.4% fusion success rate with Blood fury, caught Xu Ran’s attention..