Chapter 120 - 95 Continue The Music, Continue The Dance!_L

Chapter 120: Chapter 95 Continue the Music, Continue the Dance!_l

Translator: 549690339

[To improve the efficiency of this accompanying training session, The System will grant the Host relevant knowledge from the “Flame Dance Skill Training Guide”].

“Hold on.” Coolly accepting the knowledge transfusion from the system, Xu Ran turned and walked toward the training equipment warehouse on the side.

Soon, Xu Ran returned with a pair of small red dancing shoes.

“This is…” Watching Xu Ran put these red dancing shoes on Flame Fox’s hind feet, Su Xiaoxiao’s face wore an expression of confusion. “What?”

“These are essential training equipment.” Xu Ran explained, “Next, let Flame Fox wear them, walk upright, and then dance to the music.”

“Huh?” The more Su Xiaoxiao listened, the more abstract and more confused she became.

What bizarre training method was this? Why couldn’t she understand it?

Companion training in other foster shops… wasn’t like this, right?

“So… Boss Xu, could you first explain the principle of this training method?” Su Xiaoxiao couldn’t help but ask.

“No problem.” Xu Ran nodded, “For the Flame Dance skill, the Flame Fox needs to use its front paws to perform the casting action, right?”

“That’s right,” Su Xiaoxiao agreed.

As the Beast Master of Flame Fox, she naturally knew about such skill characteristics.

“Because it has this casting action, the cast of Flame Dance has a certain preparation time, and it cannot be cast instantly.”

“So, we need to find a way to correct this so that Flame Fox can still cast the skill without this action.”

“Boss, I understand what you’re saying, but what does this have to do with Little Flame wearing red dancing shoes and dancing?” Su Xiaoxiao pointed out the crux of the problem.

“There is absolutely a connection.” Xu Ran’s expression was very serious, “In reality, Flame Dance is a skill which controls the explosive power of the Fire Attribute after it leaves the body.”

“These shoes can enhance Flame Fox’s connection with the surrounding Fire Attribute; even without using its front paws for casting, it can smoothly cast Flame Dance. Let it get accustomed to this feeling and the dependence on the casting action will reduce…”

Seeing that Su Xiaoxiao still wanted to ask something, Xu Ran decisively turned on the speaker, “Anyway, let’s start dancing!”

A fast-paced song began to play from the speakers, forming a stark contrast with the nearby volcano spitting out lava. Looking at Xu Ran, who had started to twist his body, Su Xiaoxiao felt somewhat helpless but gave Flame Fox a look to follow along.

Although it sounded unreliable, she decided to trust Boss Xu for now.

“Mew~”

Flame Fox reluctantly watched Xu Ran’s movements, but as it watched, these moves which were extremely addictive, kept emerging in its mind.

Unconsciously, it raised its front paws, and with the help of the red dancing shoes, it maintained an upright stance. A flash of red light blinked over the dancing shoes, while the surrounding Fire Attribute seemed to be stirred and quickly became tumultuous.

“Dance!”

With Flame Fox raising its front paws to its chest and its hind legs stomping to the rhythm of the music, a pillar of fire emerged when it completed a short dance sequence.

Flame Dance! This was Flame Dance being unconsciously released in sync with the rhythm through dance!

Is it really possible?

Looking at the Fire Dance, which was no less powerful than a full-force attack by Flame Fox, Su Xiaoxiao who stood to the side stood dumbfounded.

Just as she was astonished, Flame Fox had started its second segment of dance. It stood on one hind leg, the other hind leg lifted sideways while its front paws waved vigorously with the momentum.

With its fluffy body and enchanting eyes, this dance was quite fascinating.

However, the effect was remarkably significant. As the second segment of the dance completed, Flame Fox’s body burst out with a series of high-rising flames.

Su Xiaoxiao didn’t know what to say.

Looking at the initially unwilling Flame Fox, but after dancing for a while thoroughly enjoying itself, every bit of its fur radiating happiness, she felt an impulse to join in.

Ah, Su Xiaoxiao, calm down! Boss Xu is still here! How embarrassing!

“Alright, it seems that Flame Fox has learnt it.” Xu Ran stopped, “You can watch it practice.”

Seeing Xu Ran about to leave, Su Xiaoxiao blinked, “Wait, isn’t this supposed to be an accompanying training service?”

Shouldn’t an accompanying training service involve the staff of the foster shop training with the Pet Beast?

The training had just begun, why was Boss Xu leaving now?

“Yes, accompanying training.” Xu Ran nodded seriously, “It is to guide the Beast Master on how to accompany the Pet Beast during training.”

WHAT?

Is accompanying training explained like this?

Watching Xu Ran disappear in the elevator, Su Xiaoxiao felt lost for a moment.

But soon, the fast pace of the music brought her back to her senses.

As she looked at the Flame Fox completely immersed in the captivating dance and dancing more gleefully, Su Xiaoxiao looked very conflicted.

A few minutes later, she walked step by step toward Flame Fox and started to clumsily follow Flame Fox’s dance movements at the foot of the volcano. @@novelbin@@

“Whine-”

You’re dancing wrong! It should be like this! Lift your hand high, kick up your leg!

Flame Fox looked at its Beast Master with disdain and seriously corrected her wrong movements.

(Guess which segment of the dance it was, the original video will be shown in the bonus chapter at the end of this one)

“Ah!”

Inside Dawn Foster Store, Fang Liming sat behind the counter, propping his cheek with one hand and petting the once again languid Bright Group on the counter next to him, gazing outside the shop door, his eyes somewhat distant..