Chapter 121 - 95 Continue The Music, Continue The

Chapter 121: Chapter 95 Continue the Music, Continue the

Dance!_2

Translator: 549690339

-Boss!” After hearing her boss sigh for the umpteenth time, a short-haired girl in a staff uniform couldn’t help but put down her broom. “What’s going on. You’ve been sighing a lot since you came back.

”Xiao Yu ” Fang Liming’s voice was full of melancholy, “Our Dawn Foster Store is no longer the best place for the washing and protection service in Qingzhou

City.”

‘■That Starfire Foster Care Shop?” Xiao Yu couldn’t help but roll her eyes, “Isn’t it just riding the popularity of the Challenge Match and advertising? Once things settle down, customers will naturally choose our shop again!”

-But the boss’s washing and protection technique is really good.” Fang Liming lightly tapped the Bright Group, which quickly retracted its body and became a fast-moving sphere.

He held the Bright Group in one hand and passed it to Xiao Yu, Take a look, this is the result of his washing and protection service.

“Ah?” Xiao Yu blinked, “So you went to the Starfire Foster Care Shop when you went out!”

“Boss you are so careful even though you have such good washing and protection skills.” Xiao Yu giggled, took the Bright Group carefully and started examining it, “Let me see… Eh?”

The smile on her face gradually vanished, her expression became serious.

After she looked over the Bright Group up and down, Xiao Yu took out a flashlight, turned on the strong light and examined the Bright Group more carefully.

“Is this really the result of that boss’s washing and protection?” After a while, she looked at Fang Liming with disbelief.

Because she had been working in the foster shop for a long time, although Xiao Yu’s washing and protection skills weren’t great, her discernment was quite

good.

She could indeed judge the washing and protection state of the Bright Group at this moment, that’s why she was so astonished.

“Correct, now you understand, that Starfire Foster Care Shop is not just about advertising.” Fang Liming rested his head on his hand and became melancholic again, “Maybe we just didn’t notice before, but now they’ve come out of nowhere, we have competition.”

“That guy named Xu Ran is so young!” Xiao Yu murmured, “Maybe he’s just exceptionally good at washing and protection of the Bright Group?” Hearing Xiao Yu’s words, Fang Liming’s eyes lit up slightly. However, thinking about the exaggerated washing and protection environment of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, he soon became melancholic again, “1 don’t think so.

“Mr Fang! Mr. Fang! Are you there?” Outside the Dawn Foster Store, a muscular man bearing a scar on his face hollered Fang Liming’s name and

rushed in.

This man’s face with a scar was quite intimidating. He marched like a dragon and a tiger to Fang Liming’s side, “Do you know a shop called Starfire Foster

Care Shop?”

“Hm? Old Wang, you…” Fang Liming’s face showed some surprise, “Could it be that your business at the Beast King Foster Shop is also being affected.”

-Correct, that’s precisely it.” Wang Xuebin’s face was fraught with annoyance, “This shop just sprung up out of nowhere.

“Recently, we’ve been losing customers one after another who didn’t renew their fosters. I asked around and found out they didn’t need the foster service, but they instead moved to the Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

“This is really upsetting!” Wang Xuebin couldn’t help but vent his frustration by knocking at the counter with his knuckles.

Their Beast King Foster Shop was the most professional foster shop in the

entire Qingzhou City!

There were only cases where customers switched their choices from other shops to their shop, never vice-versa.

Although there are so far only a few such occurrences and the impact of this on our business is limited, it would indeed harm the reputation of our shop.

Hence, we cannot just sit by!

After realizing the gravity of the situation, Wang Xuebin did some research on the Starfire Foster Care Shop and immediately went to find Fang Liming.

-So their foster services are good too?” Hearing Wang Xuebin’s story, a look of surprise crossed Fang Liming’s face.

Since he was short on time, he left right after seeing Xu Ran washing and protecting the Bright Group. He didn’t get to investigate the foster services much.

“What do you mean by also …” Wang Xuebin gave Fang Liming a glance, “You’ve been to the Starfire Foster Care Shop before?’

“Yes.” Fang Liming nodded earnestly, “The shop’s boss is indeed young, but he is more professional in washing and protection than me. Now it seems, maybe their foster service is also better than that of your Beast King Foster Shop.” “That’s impossible!” Without a second thought, Wang Xuebin waved his hand dismissively, “I paid a high salary to hire a sparring trainer and a nutritionist from a second level town to improve our foster services. What can that kid possibly have to compete?”

“That guy loves to advertise. I’d say those customers must have been duped by him!” Wang Xuebin declared confidently.

“This…” Fang Liming’s expression seemed strange.

Reflecting on the technology used by the Starfire Foster Care Shop, he could basically confirm that their fostering services were not ordinary, surpassing the Beast King Foster Shop with ease.

After a moment’s hesitation, considering Wang Xuebin and he were old friends, he decided to inform him about what he had witnessed at the Starfire

Foster Care Shop.

“YOU mean . they even used a space-expanding technology in their washing and protection area?” Upon hearing Fang Liming’s narration, Wang Xuebin’s expression started to show signs of consternation. He scratched his head and said, “It looks like this shop is indeed not ordinary!”

“However, no matter how extraordinary they are, since they are running a foster store, they should compete according to our industry rules.” Wang Xuebin grunted, “We certainly can’t just watch and do nothing, allowing them to steal away all our customers, can we?”

-What do you mean?” Fang Liming understood Wang Xuebin’s implications and slightly frowned, looking at him.

-I remembered that the Qingzhou City Young Beast Master Beauty Contest is coming up soon.” Wang Xuebin snorted, “Starfire Foster Care Shop can advertise, so can we.”

“That’s a good idea.” Fang Liming nodded in approval, “I have a client who mentioned this beauty contest to me a couple of days ago. She’s determined to win and wants me to provide a washing and protection service for her pet beast on the day of the beauty contest.”

“If we negotiate with her a bit, she might be willing to do some advertising for our Dawn Foster Store if she wins.”

“We also have a Beast Master of pretty strong prowess attending this beauty contest in our Beast King Foster Shop.” Wang Xuebin gave a sly smile, “But the beauty contest doesn’t just judge based on appearance, power and rapport can be improved in our Beast King Foster Shop.

■■But what if there are contestants using Starfire Foster Care Shop’s washing and protection services?” Fang Liming, raising this point, squinted.

“Then ” Wang Xuebin paused, then broke out into a grin, “Then it is even better! We can join hands with their foster shop! Let’s overpower the Starfire Foster Care Shop in the beauty contest!

“We can negotiate with those two customers, let’s cooperate during these two days to give them the best services- you provide the washing and protection service, we provide the sparring and feeding service, let’s join forces!” “NO matter how strong that Xu Ran kid is, can he still beat us when we join

hands?”

Fang Liming nodded slightly.

Given the current situation, he couldn’t think of a better plan.

“So, it’s settled.”

“Time flies!” @@novelbin@@

An hour later, Su Xiaoxiao, holding the Flame Fox, reluctantly returned to the first floor of the store.

It was only when the music stopped that she realized an hour had already passed.

Time really does fly…

“How is it, are you satisfied with the results?” Xu Ran asked, pulling Su

Xiaoxiao back to reality.

“Yes! Very satisfied!” Su Xiaoxiao nodded vigorously.

By the end of the hour, the Flame Fox was already able to unleash Flame Dance without lifting its front paws. Although it was less powerful than usual, it was still a significant improvement.

When it can display as much power as it does when it lifts its front paws without doing so, it means that the Flame Fox has completely detached from its casting posture; in the future, it will no longer need to kick the ground with its two front paws before spellcasting.

“Mew~”

It’s so fun, I’ll come again next time!

The Flame Fox twisted lazily in Su Xiaoxiao’s arms, showing no signs of fatigue on its face.

The peculiar dance was incredibly captivating, causing time to pass without notice.