Chapter 125 - 97 The Flame Fox’S Upgraded

Chapter 125: Chapter 97 The Flame Fox’s Upgraded

Appearance_2

Translator: 549690339

The two pet beasts quickly made their way through the back door and arrived at the foster area located on the first subfloor.

Upon arriving at the foster area, Ziyun wasted no time as it led Star to the area where the other residents lived, introducing Star to their new neighbors.

“Meow-” (That’s the Armored Rhinoceros uncle, he’s one of the earliest residents of this shop and loves playing with mud, you better stay away from him.)

“Meow-” (There used to be a Shadow Chaser Lizard here with the Dark Attribute, it has already left with its Beast Master, otherwise, you would have had a lot in common.)

“Meow-” (That’s the Golden Striped Ant, it needs to eat twelve meals a day, but after coming here, it often stealthily eats several meals in a row.)

“Meow-” (As for that Frost Dust Wolf, you’ve already met it. It’s a bit clumsy. Let’s not pay it much attention.)

Star had just made fleeting eye contact with these soon-to-be long-term neighbors while eating dinner together and did not remember much about most of them.

But gradually, through Ziyun’s familiar introductions, Star began to understand the characters, habits and temperaments of these neighbors, thereby feeling more at ease in its new environment.

Thanks to Ziyun’s introductions. The old residents here found out that the new guy who had taken such a large territory just after arriving is not a new resident, but Boss Xu’s new pet beast.

For Boss Xu, who fed them every day, they dared not to offend him. Even the most combative ones among them have dispelled the idea of causing trouble for Star.

In the end, Ziyun led Star to the place that was part of its nocturnal environment, stood upright, and gently tapped Star with its paw.

“Meow-” (Rest early, see you tomorrow!)

“Xi Lu Lu!” (See you tomorrow!)

Watching the big sister walk away, Star’s eyes were filled with closeness and gratitude. It did not turn back and step into the darkness until Ziyun disappeared on the first subfloor.

Ziyun gently strolled back into the bedroom on the second floor, hopped onto Xu Ran’s bed, adeptly picked up a corner of the blanket with its mouth, covered Xu Ran’s lower body, curled up in the warmth, and cheerfully closed its eyes. It’s time for sleep!

“I was careless.”

The next morning, Xu Ran, sitting at the head of the bed and listening to Ziyun proudly talk about how it took care of Star last night, slapped his head in annoyance.

In his estimation, preparing a space for Star to live and washing and grooming it once after making a contract would have been enough for Star.

However, he had overlooked the fact that Star and Ziyun had different experiences.

Ziyun was originally a stray cat and had quickly adapted to its new home upon arriving at the shop. But Star had lived in the Mount Beast Breeding Base, surrounded by its parents and friends.

Being suddenly thrown into a new environment, Star might not have shown it, but would definitely feel uneasy and out of place.

Ziyun, however, had the knack for noticing Star’s hidden feelings and helped Star familiarize itself with the fostering area and the living area on the second floor after his meditation.

“Good job, I’ll give you an extra leg of a Blue Dove!” Xu Ran patted Ziyun’s head and laughed. @@novelbin@@

The Blue Dove was one of the sources of food provided by The System for Ziyun, a transcendent aquatic creature.

It lived in seaside areas, which were not found in Qingzhou City. Blue Doves ate fish and their meat taste like chicken but had a fishy aftertaste.

The Blue Dove’s leg was currently one of Ziyun’s favorites.

“Meow!” (Yay!)

Upon hearing about the extra meal, Ziyun’s eyes instantly lit up with excitement.

“Let’s go, let’s go down and see Star.” Xu Ran got down from the bed, quickly washed up, got dressed and went downstairs with Ziyun.

“Xi Lu Lu!”

In the foster area, Star let out an excited neigh. Like a shadow in the darkness, it quickly went to Xu Ran, lowered its head and rubbed its head and cheeks excitedly against Xu Ran’s palm.

“Good morning!”

Xu Ran patted Star’s neck and started to carefully prepare food for the two pet beasts and the other occupants of the foster area.

After feeding them, the two pet beasts were sent to their respective training areas for a new day of six hours of training, while Xu Ran went back to the Foster Shop to open for business.

An ordinary day at Starfire Foster Care Shop begins now.

“Boss, boss, I’m here!”

From outside the shop door, Su Xiaoxiao’s energetic voice can be heard, a day later.

Having just opened the shop not long ago, Xu Ran gets up from behind the counter, a slight smile on his face, “You’re here.”

“Boss, is the grooming session really free this time?” Holding the Flame Fox, Su Xiaoxiao can’t help but confirm it again.

“Of course.” Xu Ran nods without hesitation, “But you have to help me advertise if you win.”

“Umm… I’ll try my best to get into the top three!” says Su Xiaoxiao seriously.

“Top three?” Xu Ran is surprised, “I think you and Flame Fox have a shot at first place.”

“That’s a tall order.” Su Xiaoxiao sighs, “Although Boss Xu, your grooming skills are really incredible, appearance is just one criterion of a beauty contest. There are many strong competitors in this competition.”

“Wait till I’m done grooming, then you’ll see.” Xu Ran omits the fact that the shop’s grooming has been upgraded. He believes that once the grooming is finished and Su Xiaoxiao sees the results, she will understand where his confidence comes from.

“Oh right, how many rounds are there in the beauty contest?” Suddenly thinking of something, Xu Ran stops in his tracks, turning to look at Su Xiaoxiao.

“There’s only one round.” Su Xiaoxiao shrugs, “Although it’s a city-wide competition, it’s really just a small one, but it’s a good honor for individuals.”

“But Beast Masters who are interested in pet beast grooming would basically pay attention to it!” Su Xiaoxiao quickly adds, fearing Xu Ran might think the advertising wouldn’t be cost-effective and charge her.

“Only one round then… Okay, that’s fine.” Xu Ran nods slightly, a hint of regret in his voice, “Do you want to accompany it during the grooming session?”

“No, no!” Su Xiaoxiao waves her hands, “I’ll just wait outside!”

Although Boss Xu’s grooming skills are phenomenal, the process is far too embarrassing. Having experienced it once, she wouldn’t dare accompany the pet right in.

“No problem.” Xu Ran, keeping a straight face, carries Flame Fox into the grooming room.

A moment later, strangely embarrassing noises come out from the grooming room.

“Meow???? ”

Sitting in the lounge eating chips, Su Xiaoxiao hears this familiar sound and can’t help but stomp her foot, feeling as if there are nails underneath her seat, causing her great discomfort.

It’s just too weird!

Moreover, for some reason, it feels like Little Flame is making noises earlier than usual, and the volume seems to have increased too?

Amid Su Xiaoxiao’s restlessness, the grooming session ends quickly. Looking at the swaying Flame Fox walking out from the grooming room with Xu Ran, the standing-up Su Xiaoxiao can’t help but widen her eyes.

Hmm?

Wait a minute!

Su Xiaoxiao has experienced the pet grooming services at Starfire Foster Care Shop several times already and she thought she had built up some resistance to the incredible transformation in Flame Fox’s looks afterwards.

But what in the world is this heart-stoppingly beautiful creature in front of her?

It’s as if a god has taken a bunch of rosy red sunset clouds, and squeezed them into the shape of a fox. Each strand of its slender, gradient fur sparkles under the light.

The fluffy tail is as light as mist, swaying gently like a cloud floating in the wind.

A ring of black and brilliant gold short fur around its eyes shimmers under the light, acting as a beautiful eyeliner for Flame Fox’s stunning gemstone-like eyes.

This level of beauty, it’s simply… it’s simply…

Su Xiaoxiao feels she can’t describe it with words anymore.

I did mention earlier that the shop underwent an upgrade.” Xu Ran smiles, “As part of it, the grooming service was also upgraded for free.”

“This is the result of the current grooming service.” Xu Ran pauses, “So now, do you think you and Flame Fox have a shot at coming first?”

“Absolutely!” Su Xiaoxiao regains her composure and asserts decisively.

Forget that appearance is only one of the judgement criteria, today I, Su Xiaoxiao, will show everyone that beauty is justice!