Chapter 129 - 99 Do You Know What Is High-Level Taste? _2

Chapter 129: Chapter 99 Do you know what is high-level taste? _2

Translator: 549690339 @@novelbin@@

If he makes any more mistakes while hosting, his salary for this gig is at risk of being docked completely.

Being a laborer is hard, damn it!

The host kept his eyes fixed on the text floating in the air, which hadn’t yet fully dissipated.

Starfire Foster Care Shop!

That’s it! The root of all evils!

If this shop participates in any future competitions, he absolutely must be on high alert.

“Not bad, not bad, this advertising effect is very prominent!”

Inside the Starfire Foster Care Shop on the first floor, Xu Ran chuckled as he looked at the live broadcast of the competition on his cellphone.

When Su Xiaoxiao came for washing and grooming in the morning, he found that the Flame Dance skill of the Flame Fox was not far from breaking through to the Starlight Level. So he had it stay in the shop for training, hoping to break through to the Starlight Level before the competition.

Looking at it now, it was indeed a successful breakthrough.

If they had promoted themselves with advertisements like the two previous foster care shops, the effect might not have been as good as it is now.

Moreover, the host seemed to be on guard, Xiaoxiao might not have had the chance to read out the advertisement.

Speaking of which…

Xu Ran’s eyebrows raised slightly as he thought of the two foster care shops that had advertised before Xiaoxiao.

Damn, they actually plagiarized his advertising idea!

He must reclaim this advertising fee sooner or later!

“Boss Xu! Are you there?”

“Oh, I am!” Hearing the familiar voice from outside the door, Xu Ran put aside his thoughts and stood up, “Brother Zhang, it’s you.”

“Ha ha, long time no see, it’s me.” Zhang Yun laughed and walked into the shop.

There followed a thin, short boy behind him.

“Is it for a wash and groom for Stone Armored Dragon? Or is it for foster care?” Noticing that the Stone Armored Dragon wasn’t following Zhang Yun this time, Xu Ran asked casually.

“Neither.” Zhang Yun laughed, “The grooming you did for the Dragon last time was so effective that it doesn’t need another one now! I haven’t had any business trips lately, so there’s no need to foster the Stone Armored Dragon.”

“Then you…” Xu Ran looked at the boy behind Zhang Yun, realizing that the client this time might not be Zhang Yun himself.

“This is my nephew, Zhang Xiu.” Zhang Yun patted Zhang Xiu’s shoulder, “Call him Uncle Xu.”

“No, no, no!” Xu Ran was embarrassed, “I’m not much older than him, let’s just call each other by our first names.”

“Brother Xu.” Zhang Xiu politely smiled, “I heard from my uncle that the grooming at your shop is exceptional, so I wanted to get my Pet Beast to try it.” “No problem, what’s your Pet Beast?” Seeing that Zhang Xiu also didn’t have a Pet Beast by his side, Xu Ran asked.

“I’ll summon it now.” As soon as the words fell, a Hexagram Star Array appeared behind Zhang Xiu. In the twinkling array, a huge figure appeared in the foster shop.

“Thud!” The moment the figure emerged, it fell directly backward, landing with a dull thud.

“Huh?” Seeing this three-meter-tall, round and honest-looking Pet Beast that was sound asleep – not even its summoning woke it up – Xu Ran’s expression became a bit strange, “This is…”

“This is the Earth attribute Pet Beast, Round Bear.” Zhang Yun scratched his head and began to explain for his nephew, “This species is among the better ones in Earth attribute Pet Beasts. It has three two-star talent skills. I helped him select it as his first Pet Beast Species.”

“However…” Zhang Yun’s face showed some helplessness, “Xiu didn’t notice when he chose, and accidentally picked a Round Bear with a lazy personality. About one third of this species is very lazy and unwilling to move.”

“I can’t be blamed for that!” Zhang Xiu glanced at the still-sleeping Bear, completely oblivious to their conversation, “How would I know that it was putting on an act? When I went to choose, it was the most active among all the Round Bears!”

“Good heavens, it would hit trees and swing its fist around, chasing other members of its species. Who knew it was afraid of not being chosen, so it pretended to be active!”

Seeing Zhang Xiu’s wretched expression, Zhang Yun and Xu Ran’s expressions also became a little strange.

This kid is really having a tough time!

“Then why do you want me to groom it?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but be curious.

“I heard my uncle saying that the grooming in your shop is a luxury experience for Pet Beasts. I want this lazy guy to try it. Hopefully, I can use grooming as a bait to encourage it to train hard in the future!” Zhang Xiu punched the air, seriously making his point.

Well, it seemed a former customer had the same idea.

Oh, it was Lucky Liu.

Xu Ran turned to Zhang Yun.

“It was Stone Armored Dragon’s idea.” Zhang Yun shrugged, “Anyway, there’s no harm in trying it.”

“Alright, but there’s a problem now.” Xu Ran glanced at the Round Bear lying on the ground, “If it’s not cooperating, I’m afraid I won’t be able to groom it.”

Such a giant, weighing tons. Even Xu Ran, who received feedback from Ziyun and Star, found it challenging to easily turn this big fella over.

“No worries, I have a way!” Zhang Xiu gritted his teeth and took a can out of his pocket.

When the can was opened, a slightly fishy smell wafted out.

Round Bear’s deep snoring suddenly stopped.

It sniffed the air, lazily sat up from the ground, and extended its paw towards Zhang Xiu, making a feeding gesture, making a “wa-wa~” sound from its mouth.

It really is eat-sleep-eat-sleep…

Time for an appraisal.

[Race name: Round Bear]

Attribute: Earth

Growth stage: Transcendent Stage

Body type: Large Size

Washing and Protection requirement:

Evaluation: A lazy guy who takes “Eat, sleep, repeat” as its life goal. It’s time to use your skillful hands and show it what high-level pleasure means!]

I quite agree with this evaluation from the system this time.

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched a little, “Okay, let it come to me.”

“Sure, but I have to go in with it. Without the enticing smell of this can, it could fall asleep again at any moment.” Holding the can above his head to avoid Round Bear’s paw, Zhang Xiu patted the bear’s head. “We’ll feed you after the washing!”

Even though Round Bear is gigantic and lazy, it has a good temper… well, it might be too lazy to lose its temper. Even without getting food, it didn’t show much reaction, but stood up straight and slowly followed Zhang Xiu into the grooming room.

“You sit here.” In the grooming room, Xu Ran brought a chair for Zhang Xiu.

“Sure!” Zhang Xiu sat down with the can, curiously looking around. “Brother Xu, your grooming area is really big!”

“Of course, even super large pet beasts can be groomed here.” Xu Ran smiled and gently tapped the paw Round Bear extended towards Zhang Xiu. “Lie down.”

“Wa~”

Will it really feed me after grooming?

There was a hint of inquiry in Round Bear’s voice.

“Rest assured, we’ll feed you after grooming!” Zhang Xiu replied helplessly.

Receiving a positive response from Zhang Xiu, Round Bear felt reassured.

It obediently lay on the grooming platform, its eyes unwavering from the direction of the can.

Obviously, it isn’t preoccupied with the upcoming grooming, its mind is solely focused on hurrying to eat the fragrant can.

Ignoring me?

Looking at Round Bear, who didn’t even spare a glance at him, Xu Ran revealed a benevolent smile.

Experience the pleasure!

“Huala??? ”

The shower gel, blended with special resources, was heated to the perfect temperature and evenly sprinkled on Round Bear’s body from the shower head, then flowed down its fluffy body.

The water flow gradually penetrated the thick fur until it reached the hair roots, brushed against the hair follicles, and freely explored the gaps in the hair roots, caressing the most sensitive nerves, creating an odd tickling sensation that originated from the hair follicles and flowed deep into the body.

“Wa?l”

Round Bear’s eyes, which were half-closed and looked as if they could fall asleep at any time, suddenly widened. Its body uncomfortably writhed a bit, its chubby body “duang-” began to wobble on the grooming table.

What’s this…?

A kind of joy it had never experienced before gradually surged into its mind with its wet body.

Something seemed to aggressively insert itself between “eating” and “sleeping,” giving it a completely different joy that was just as fulfilling!

[Pleasure value from Round Bear +15]

[Pleasure value from Round Bear +15]

[From…]

Xu Ran’s mouth slightly turned up.

Do you now understand what high-level fun is?

This is just the beginning!