Chapter 122 - 96: Star’S First Time L

Chapter 122: Chapter 96: Star’s First Time l

Translator: 549690339

“I’m glad you’re satisfied, welcome to visit again.”

Xu Ran nodded, opened his personal panel and saw the credited 1 Prank Experience Point and 10 Skill Points, his smile growing even brighter.

He casually opened the panel of Ziyun, and looked towards the proficiency of Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound with some surprise.

[★★★Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound (Starlight Level)] (113/500) [+]

By his estimation, three hours had passed since Ziyun began training.

In those three hours, it would have consumed an Energy Abundant Potion to train once, but the proficiency of this skill has increased by 21 points, which is significantly more than previous one-time training sessions.

In addition, the improvement of other skills is also not low.

It seemed that the adjustment to the training method and improvement of the training environment were paying off.

Nodding slightly, Xu Ran added all the 10 newly earned Skill Points to Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, then notified Ziyun via Contractual Sensing.

“Meow?”

In the Thunder Training Area, Ziyun, who was resting at the top of a small hill, suddenly raised its head.

Just now, it had completed a three-hour training session, and the effect of the Energy Abundant Potion had worn off, making it feel the onset of fatigue.

So, Ziyun decided to rest for an hour before continuing the training.

However, not long after settling down, images of itself executing Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound under different circumstances flooded into Ziyun’s mind. Each image seemed like a firsthand experience.

Having been through this before, Ziyun realized it was the Beast Master adding points again.

And the voice that followed through the Contract Sensing confirmed Ziyun’s assumption.

The Beast Master had added points again!

Ziyun, who had initially planned to rest for an hour, slowly stood up.

At this moment, it could feel the power the Beast Master had imparted to it!

Even if it lacked the Energy Abundant Potion, it should strive to train harder to reciprocate this incoming power!

Rest? Impossible!

Ashamed of its previous thoughts, Ziyun resolutely dove back into the intense training.

“Xi Lu!”

In the Dark Attribute Area, the running pace of Star gradually slowed down.

It felt that the drug that had given it endless strength after consumption had lost its effect.

Had three hours passed already?

Star raised its head and looked at the stars in the sky.

Among these stars, there wasn’t one that belonged to it.

However, now, in the midst of the long night, it was its own star!

“Xi Lu!”

With a fervent neigh, Star disappeared into the endless night.

Even without the aid of the Energy Abundant Potion, it had the Tenacity Skill.

It would continue to train, in order to become stronger!

“It’s about time.”

After attending to three more clients, Xu Ran habitually glanced at the clock hanging on the wall inside the shop.

Doing some quick calculations, almost six hours had passed since the two pet beasts had started training. It was time to fetch them.

“Boss, the results of your Washing and Protection service are amazing, I will definitely come again!” A satisfied customer holding her Fire Hamster, whose appearance had been completely refreshed after the service, greeted Xu Ran before leaving.

She was a female student and this was her second time using the Washing and Protection service.

“Thank you, but you can leave more time between sessions next time. Your pet is very clean and doesn’t need frequent washing and protection.” Xu Ran casually suggested, and the Fire Hamster who had been waving its claws to say goodbye to Xu Ran in the female student’s arms immediately wore a scowl.

Darn it! Why would he suggest washing me less often!

With the student covering her mouth and giggling, she and her pet disappeared from the shop.

After stretching lazily, Xu Ran shut the shop to end a day’s business, then used the underground passage at the back door to get to the Foster Area on the lower level.

“Swift Sparrow, stop looking at me like that, it’s not meal time yet.”

“Golden Striped Ant, did you eat all the meal I portioned for you at once again?”

“Armored Rhinoceros, I hope the injury you got last time you were summoned has healed, that would put me at ease.”

“Frost Dust Wolf, are you getting used to being here? I’ll prepare your dinner tonight.”

Greeting the fostered occupants along the way, Xu Ran quickly arrived at the elevator entrance to the Training Area.

First, I’ll go to the Dark Attribute Area.

The moment he stepped into the quiet night, Xu Ran felt a gust of wind hit his face. Star, fully included in the night by using Night Song, still had the conspicuous white mark on its forehead.

“Xi Lu!”

Star excitedly rushed to the front of Xu Ran. As it slowed its speed, it naturally ceased the use of Night Song. Its short black glossy fur slightly glowed under the starlight. A couple of purple and crystal-like eyes glowing with intimacy. @@novelbin@@

“You’ve worked hard.” Finding Star’s shoulder covered in sweat, Xu Ran immediately opened Star’s panel to check its progress after training.

[Contract Pet Beast: Star

Race name: Night Colt

Attribute: Dark Attribute

Growth stage: Transcendent stage (254/500) [+]

Race Rank: Leader Species

Skills:

[★★ Twilight Watch (Stardust Edition)] (36/100) [ + ]

[★★ Star Chain (Stardust Edition)] (32/100) [+]

[★★ Night Eyes (Stardust Edition)] (41/100) [ + ]

[★★ Night Song (Stardust Edition)] (40/100) [+]

[★★ Nightfall (Stardust Edition)] (21/100) [+]

[★ Tenacity (Stardust Edition)] (52/100) [+)]

After six hours of intense training, the improvement in skill proficiency was significant, especially Tenacity, which showed that Star indeed trained very hard.

A gratified smile appeared on Xu Ran’s face, “I’ll prepare something delicious for you now, and then take you for a Washing and Protection session..”