Chapter 124 - 97 The Flame Fox’S Upgraded

Chapter 124: Chapter 97 The Flame Fox’s Upgraded

Appearance_l

Translator: 549690339 I

[In addition to the 9/10 updates for “Rippling Spring Sounds” from the Silver Alliance]

“Xi Lu?” (Is that where the Beast Master sleeps?)

His gaze followed Xu Ran as he disappeared at the top of the stairs, and Star, who hadn’t yet been to the second floor, became curious. @@novelbin@@

“Meow-” (Xu Ran and I both sleep upstairs.)

Ziyun, whose tail and rear were high in the air after washing and grooming, stretched her front legs straight ahead, yawning.

Does big sister live upstairs too?

An admiration appeared in Star’s eyes.

Even though he had a vast underground area to himself, Star, who had recently formed a contract with Xu Ran, felt a strong affection for his master. He assumed it would be wonderful to sleep with Xu Ran.

Of course, Star knew it would not be easy.

Given his large body size, which would only grow larger, he knew he was not as small as his big sister.

Noticing Star’s eyes kept staring curiously upstairs, Ziyun had an idea.

“Meow?” (Do you want me to take you upstairs to have a look?)

“Xi Lu?” (Can I?)

A joyful surprise flashed across Star’s eyes.

Ziyun, tilting her head in thought, then resolutely nodded.

Although the upstairs area was small, there would be enough space for Star. There wouldn’t be enough room for him to run around, and staying there usually might be a bit cramped, but a quick look around would certainly not be a problem.

After neatly jumping up to the stairs of the second floor, Ziyun turned to look at Star, dropping her voice slightly and speaking softly.

“Meow-” (Step lightly; the Beast Master is probably meditating. We can’t wake him!)

“Xi Lu!” (Understood!)

Star got the message and followed behind Ziyun, treading lightly.

Both pet beasts silently climbed the stairs from the first to the second floor, quickly arriving at Xu Ran’s bedroom.

Xu Ran was sitting cross-legged on the bed, already in meditation with the help of the Meditation Acceleration Card.

At the sight of him, the movements of the two Pet Beasts became even gentler.

Ziyun raised a paw and waved to Star to catch up before cautiously going to the Beast Egg on the bedside table.

What is that?

Following Ziyun’s movements, Star shifted his gaze from Xu Ran to the bedside table.

Is that an egg?

As a Transcendent Being, he could sense the life force emanating from the egg.

He stepped quietly forward.

“Thud-”

The robust sound of his hoof touching the wooden bedroom floor made Star quickly lift his foot, placing it down even lighter than before.

When he curiously arrived at the Beast Egg, he lowered his head and sniffed the scent of the egg with curiosity in his eyes.

“Xi Lu?” (What kind of egg is this?)

Lowering his voice, being careful not to disrupt Xu Ran in his meditation or to frighten the little life within the egg, he asked.

“Meow-” (He could be our future companion-)

Ziyun looked at Xu Ran, who was still in meditation and undisturbed, and softly explained how they had come to acquire this Beast Egg.

Learning of how Ziyun and Xu Ran had drawn in more customers through their appearances in challenge matches, Star found himself smiling, intrigued.

When he learned that Ziyun, even while in the Transcendent stage, had defeated the Frost Dust Wolf and Dark Scale Dragon alongside Xu Ran, Star couldn’t help but feel a little bit jealous and longing.

It was a shame he hadn’t shared in these moments.

But as he thought of the adventures he would have with Xu Ran and his companions in the future, Star’s envy gradually turned into expectancy.

He mimicked Ziyun and gently raised a hoof and laid it on the Beast Egg, sending his blessings.

He also wished to see the new companion that would hatch from the egg.

Seemingly sensing a different aura and Star’s good intentions, the egg’s exterior designs began to flicker at a faster rate, as if responding to the two pet beasts.

After spending a moment with the egg, Ziyun and Star carefully exited the room. Then, led by Ziyun, Star toured the other parts of the upstairs lounge area.

The bathroom, bathing room, study…

Even though the arrangements were common, Star seemed especially interested because of Xu Ran’s living presence.

Upon leaving the bedroom, Ziyun spoke a little louder, seeing Star’s curiosity, she started sharing interesting things that she and Xu Ran had done.

For example, the first time she saw Xu Ran taking a shower in the bath, she thought he was in danger, so she kept scratching at the door almost breaking it open. Or when Xu Ran was reading in his study, she loved jumping onto his lap and sleeping there.

Telling these stories, Ziyun couldn’t help but tear up.

It’s maddening! After she grew, she couldn’t easily lay on Xu Ran’s lap!

When will her reduction skill be arranged!

“Meow-” (Let’s go to the Foster area!)

After touring the entire second floor, Ziyun waved her tail.

“Xi Lu!” (Okay!)

Star reluctantly glanced back at the bedroom before following Ziyun downstairs, treading lightly..