Chapter 128 - 99 Do You Know What Is High-Level Taste? _1

Chapter 128: Chapter 99 Do you know what is high-level taste? _1

Translator: 549690339

Hearing the words of the advertisement recited calmly by Ning Junli, the atmosphere in the field suddenly became strange.

“Um…” Gu Ling couldn’t help but glance at Su Xiaoxiao, “Xiaoxiao, why don’t you advertise for Boss Xu after you finish your performance?”

As smart as she is, she knew at a glance that this was a strategy jointly developed by the two best foster care services in Qingzhou City.

And the fact they chose to imitate Boss Xu’s advertising during the competition, makes it clear who they are targeting.

“Don’t worry.” Su Xiaoxiao waved her hand, glanced around, and began to speak softly, “I have already promised Boss Xu I would advertise for him during the competition.”

And it definitely won’t be in this simple way!

“I must say, I’m kind of looking forward to it.” Lin Yue chuckled, “I wonder what Xiaoxiao’s advertising will look like?”

“You’ll know soon enough.” Su Xiaoxiao chirped back.

While the girls were talking, the host on the field had already timely interrupted Ning Junli’s advertising behavior, and received her final score from the judges.

After eliminating the highest and lowest scores, Ning Junli’s score was 98.4.

Barely 0.1 points higher than He Shaokang’s score.

He Shaokang, who was sitting in the audience, had a slightly darkened expression, his face looked a little gloomy. Such a small difference in score was enough to leave him distressed.

After Ning Junli left the field, the competition continued in an orderly manner. However, after the high scores of the first two contestants, the enthusiasm of the subsequent contestants was greatly diminished, and one of the contestants even had a bad performance.

Soon, it was Su Xiaoxiao’s turn.

“The 39th contestant to take the stage is Su Xiaoxiao!”

Hearing her own name coming from the loudspeaker, Su Xiaoxiao stood up from her seat and patted her three closest girlfriends beside her, “Here comes my performance!”

She walked briskly to the center of the stage, took a slight bow, and then a Hexagram Star Array lit up behind her.

“Whoosh–”

A wild wind swept through the field and a hot surge of air rolled in. Stepping lightly and gracefully from the burst of flaming flames, a stunning fire sprite emerged. It took a tantalizing look at the crowd and then raised its head to make its own sound.

“Squeak-—”

In the audience, many spectators were astounded by the appearance of the Flame Fox. The three most familiar with Su Xiaoxiao were utterly dumbfounded.

The beauty of the Flame Fox after grooming… how could it be so striking?

They couldn’t help but think back to Su Xiaoxiao saying she would give them a surprise before her performance.

That was indeed a huge surprise.

After the competition, they need to interrogate her properly!

“Little Flame, Flame Dance!”

Su Xiaoxiao’s voice rang across the entire competition venue through the head-mounted microphone. The Flame Fox’s long bushy tail swayed gently, and columns of fire burst out from the ground around it without any warning, symbolizing the start of the One Person One Pet showcase.

“Is that… Flame Dance?” In the stands, the three women who were familiar with Su Xiaoxiao and the Flame Fox were once again stunned by the Flame Fox’s performance.

A few days ago during testing, the Flame Fox couldn’t spontaneously invoke the Flame Dance skill, it needed to claw at the ground as a casting action, so why doesn’t it need to now?

Not waiting for them to wrap their heads around it, the Flame Fox’s seamless dance steps immediately after attracted all their attention, leaving them no time to wonder about anything else.

In the sky full of fire, the Flame Fox lithely leapt, its form flickering among the flames. Sometimes interacting with Su Xiaoxiao, and at other times alone, demonstrating high-level fire control skills.

Their cooperative performance elicited continuous gasps of amazement and applause from the audience, the performance was also gradually nearing its end.

After a glance at the countdown, Su Xiaoxiao and Flame Fox nodded at each other.

“Now’s the time!”

“Whoosh–”

Following Su Xiaoxiao’s command, the Flame Fox manipulated the surging fire ropes around it, raised its front paws seriously and stomped on the ground in front of it.

The Flame Fox had basically distanced itself from the casting action of Flame Dance under Xu Ran’s training. The reason it was doing it again now was because in the next moment, it needs to give its all! @@novelbin@@

“Boom–”

A dazzling pillar of fire rose up from about a meter ahead of the Flame Fox, the golden red fire light reflected on every spectator’s face in the stands.

Using the repulsion from the ground, it lightly leapt up, and landed on Su Xiaoxiao’s raised hands, the Flame Fox sang a long tune.

“Squeak?? ”

With its cry, the fire pillar peeled off, and in front of everyone, the flames transformed into a line of words, showing from top to bottom in front of everyone.

“Starfire Foster Care Shop, the best care for your Pet Beast!”

The reuse of the fire pillar, this is not the stardust level’s Flame Dance!

Now, the Flame Fox is showing the starlight level’s Flame Dance!

“Xiaoxiao actually advertised in this way!” In the audience stand, Lin Yue stood up in surprise, and said, “No, that’s not the point. Flame Dance has broken through to the Starlight Level?!”

“It seems so.” Gu Ling slowly stood up, looking at the words in the fire, her eyes gradually brightened.

Xiaoxiao said before, that the Flame Fox was given accompanying training service at the Starfire Foster Care Shop before it got here?

Could this be the reason for the breakthrough of Flame Dance?

It seems that it’s a must to bring the Dark Scale Dragon to Boss Xu to try the accompanying training service.

“Again?!” The host on the sidelines almost fainted as he looked at the flaming words, thinking “There goes my salary!”

After Ning Junli had advertised, he had skipped over the contestants’ speech segment, not giving them the microphone, to avoid another contestant advertising.

Who would have thought that someone would actually advertise in such a crazy way?!