Chapter 126 - 98: Again?! _1

Chapter 126: Chapter 98: Again?! _1

Translator: 549690339 |

“Xiaoxiao, is Flame Fox ready?” @@novelbin@@

Gazing at Su Xiaoxiao, who came alone to the beauty contest, the already seated Gu Ling, Lin Yue, and Duan Anxun came over to her.

“Mmm!” Su Xiaoxiao nodded, her face full of confident smiles, “Little Flame is in the fire attribute training area in Boss Xu’s shop, always ready to answer my call at its best state!”

“Fire attribute training area?” Gu Ling raised her eyebrows, an interested expression on her face, “Does Boss Xu’s shop now offer accompanying training services?”

“Yes.” Su Xiaoxiao nodded, seeing that there was still some time before the start of the competition, she began to chat with the sisters,” Gu Ling, are you interested in pet beast accompanying training?”

“Average.” Gu Ling shook her head, “As you know, we have… anyway, my Dark Scale Dragon doesn’t need to go to the fosterage shop for training.”

Su Xiaoxiao nodded, she naturally knew about the family situation of her childhood friend. The Dark Scale Dragon’s father was under contract with Uncle Gu, and his strength had reached the general stage. So why would he need training from someone else?

“But…” Gu Ling paused, “if it’s the accompanying training service in Boss Xu’s shop, I want to check it out. I guess it must be extraordinary, right?”

“Indeed.” Thinking about the Flame Fox’s devilish training method, Su Xiaoxiao’s face showed a strange look, “Boss Xu’s accompanying training method is different from other foster shops, but it’s very effective.”

“I always feel like accompanying training is a tax on intelligence.” Lin Yue around waved her hand without care,” If you really want to accompany a pet beast for training, wouldn’t the Beast Master himself be more suitable than the staff in the foster shop?”

“No, there is a difference in accompanying training.” Gu Ling’s expression became slightly serious, “Helping the Beast Master monitor the training of the pet beast, and urging it to achieve its target training volume is the lowest level of accommodating training.”

“Higher-level sparring trainers have unique understandings of different skills. They can guide the Pet Beasts to use specific devices and train more efficiently.”

“I heard that some sparring trainers can help beast pets upgrade a skill from Stardust Level to Starlight Level in just two or three days.”

“That amazing?” Lin Yue couldn’t help but gasp, a look of “I have learned something new” appeared on her face, “I guess I know too little about accompanying training.”

“I took the Colorful Cloud Parrot for one training session the other day.” Duan Anxun chimed in this time, “The sparring trainer did indeed help the Colorful Cloud Parrot train its skills more efficiently, but it was quite torturous.”

“I felt bad for it, so I didn’t continue to bring it there.”

“You can bring the Colorful Cloud Parrot to Boss Xu’s shop.” Su Xiaoxiao patted Duan Anxun’s shoulder, “if I’m not wrong, Boss Xu is probably the higher-level accompanying trainer that Gu Ling mentioned.”

“My Little Flame only trained there for an hour and it was incredibly efficient. It didn’t suffer at all during the training, but instead…” Su Xiaoxiao paused slightly, “it seemed too happy.”

“Training can be fun?” Lin Yue looked surprised, “Then I must try.”

“I will also bring the Colorful Cloud Parrot there.” Duan Anxun nodded seriously.

“Then I have to bring mine as well.” laughed Gu Ling with anticipation, “Alright, let’s get back to Xiaoxiao’s competition.”

“Xiaoxiao, after my observation, you have two strong competitors, He Shaokang from grade 3 of Nanhong Middle School and Ning Junli, the social Beast Master.”

As Gu Ling spoke, she opened a notebook.

Despite it not being her own competition, she had done a lot of homework for her best friend’s competition.

“These two’s Pet Beasts were cleaned and cared for in the Dawn Foster Shop, which was the city’s unanimously acknowledged number one before the appearance of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

“In addition, they received accompanying training and feeding service in Beast King Foster Shop before the competition. It is said that the accompanying trainers and nutritionists in Beast King Foster Shop were highly paid recruits from the second level town, not to be underestimated.”

“These two’s Pet Beasts are strong competition for the beauty pageant champion. With the support of two foster shops, their Pet Beasts’ preshow state must be at their peak.”

“Compared to that, the other competitors’ Pet Beasts are also competitive, but none of them pose a threat to you, since you had your clean and caring done in the Starfire Foster Shop.” Gu Ling paused, “Luckily Boss Xu’s shop doesn’t have too many guests.”

The current status of the Starfire Foster Care shop is peculiar. Even though it is well-known, its fame has not yet fully translated into reputation.

Due to the limited capacity of the Starfire Foster Shop, perhaps fewer than three figures of clients have actually consumed in the shop. So for most of the Beast Masters, they have heard of Starfire Foster Shop but are still in the stage of observing.

In such an important competition like the beauty pageant, Beast Masters naturally prefer to choose a foster shop they have been to and trust. As a result, among the competitors, only Su Xiaoxiao chose to get cleaning and caring at the Starfire Foster Shop.

“Anyway, put your all into this competition and getting in the top three should be no problem.” Gu Ling said seriously, “With this honor, you can get bonus points for your college entrance exam.”

She was about to say something else when Su Xiaoxiao pulled her over.

“Gu Ling, you’re great, but don’t worry about these.”

“In this beauty pageant, I, Su Xiaoxiao, am bound to win!”

Feeling the odd glances from other spectators around them, Gu Ling, Lin Yue, and Duan Anxun simultaneously held the boastful Su Xiaoxiao back..