Chapter 127 - 98: Again?! _2

Chapter 127: Chapter 98: Again?! _2

Translator: 549690339

Gu Ling looked somewhat helpless.

What was going on?

In her impression, Su Xiaoxiao was not such a blindly overconfident person, was she?

Boss Xu’s washing and protection services were indeed fantastic, but wasn’t Su Xiaoxiao being too overconfident?

Knowing that Su Xiaoxiao wouldn’t listen to her analysis at this time, Gu Ling sighed softly, closed her notebook and put it aside, soothing Su Xiaoxiao like a child, “Okay, okay, you’re the first, let’s keep our voices down.”

“Oh!” Su Xiaoxiao patted the hands of the other three girls, laughing, “Don’t worry, I won’t tell you the reason now. I’ll give you a surprise later.”

“Then I’ll have to see what surprise you have prepared.” Duan Anxun shook her head helplessly, “Don’t be blindly confident like me.”

The four girls chatted and giggled quietly until the beauty contest officially started.

As a competition that was quite popular, albeit small in size, the beauty contest followed a simple procedure.

The initial forty-two contestants each had three minutes of showtime, during which twelve judges would grade them based on looks, strength, personality, coordination, and other factors.

The highest and the lowest score were eliminated from consideration, and the average of the remaining ten was the final score for each contestant. The rankings of their final scores determined their place in the competition.

One round decided the outcome.

Su Xiaoxiao was slated to appear relatively late, as the thirty-ninth contestant.

The two contestants Gu Ling had mentioned earlier, He Shaokang and Ning Junli, were the eleventh and twenty-seventh contestants, respectively.

“Ladies and gentlemen! Welcome to our beauty contest!” The host briskly walked out onto the stage, addressing the audience with great enthusiasm.

“Hmm?” From the audience seats, Gu Ling glanced at the host, “Wasn’t he the host for the previous challenge match too?”

“He’s the designated host for the Beast Master Association’s competitions.” Duan Anxun had some familiarity and explained briefly.

“I see.” Gu Ling nodded, not speaking further.

After the host announced the beginning of the competition, the first ten nameless contestants took their turns on stage. Amidst the cheers and applause, each completed their three-minute performances. The highest-scoring contestant got a final score of 96.3.

Then, it was He Shaokang’s turn.

He was a refined boy wearing glasses, exuding a scholarly charm with a certain confidence that was characteristic of the strong.

As he stepped onto the stage, a uniform chant came from a section of the audience. @@novelbin@@

“Victory for Shaokang, victory for Nan Hong!”

“Shaokang, Shaokang, you’re the brightest star!”

“What an awkward slogan.” Lin Yue couldn’t help but roll her eyes, looking at the direction of the chant. She saw a group of girls in neat school uniforms arranged in formation, “Are these girls from Nan Hong Middle School?”

“Yes.” Duan Anxun nodded slightly, “I heard about this contestant named He Shaokang. He’s quite popular at Nan Hong Middle School, apparently, he’s the school hunk.”

“He’s decent-looking, but looks don’t matter in a beauty contest for beast masters.” Lin Yue glanced at He Shaokang, then couldn’t help but take another look.

“The performance has started.” Gu Ling suddenly said, and both women stopped chatting and focused on the stage.

After bowing elegantly towards the judging panel, a hexagram star array emerged behind He Shaokang. Amidst the swirling wind, a robust, green-colored dog with a lion-like head stepped forth.

If Xu Ran was there, he would immediately recognize it as a Wind Lion Dog.

Though it was not as big or reached the elite stage like Liu Gu’s Wind Lion Dog, its majestic presence was identical.

The fur of this Wind Lion Dog was meticulously groomed, giving off a visible sense of comfort as it swayed subtly with each step under the sunlight. It made people itch to pet it.

As the Wind Lion Dog fully materialized, He Shaokang leaped onto its back and began their prearranged performance.

Watching the seamless coordination between the boy and beast, performing high-difficulty stunts that made the audience scream within their three-minute time frame, the crowd’s cheering and clapping grew increasingly fervent.

Lin Yue, Duan Anxun, and Gu Ling, who were sitting next to Su Xiaoxiao, became serious.

They were very familiar with the Flame Fox and consequently had certain expectations of Su Xiaoxiao’s presentation.

According to their estimates, Su Xiaoxiao might not be a match for He Shaokang…

On the other hand, Su Xiaoxiao was now lost in her thoughts, communicating with the Flame Fox in the fire attribute training area through her contract.

As for the Flame Fox…it was dancing to the routine Boss Xu had taught it last time.

Soon, He Shaokang’s three minutes were nearing the end.

As the last show pose was completed, the three-minute countdown ended right on time. Amid the cheers and applause of the audience, He Shaokang patted the head of his Wind Lion Dog, taking the microphone from the host.

“Contestant He Shaokang, thank you and your pet beast for bringing us a wonderful performance!” The host graciously thanked him.

“You’re welcome.” He Shaokang took over the conversation, speaking calmly, “I must thank the Beast King Foster Shop for its meticulous service towards my Wind Lion Dog.”

“Any Beast Masters with fostering needs, I recommend you go there!”

Huh?

What?!

The entire venue fell into a bizarre silence, the smile of the host frozen on his face.

Having recently had his salary docked for advertising someone, he now felt a familiar malice coming at him.

How is it that he’s advertising again?!

In the audience, the three women of Gu Ling looked at each other, surprise showing on their faces.

Is this… following Boss Xu’s example?

Initially lost in daydreams, Su Xiaoxiao suddenly snapped back to reality, her gaze on He Shaokang as alert as facing a formidable enemy.

Damn it! Other foster shops are advertising too!

Her original plan was similar to He Shaokang’s, to recite an advertisement after the show, but now, she, Su Xiaoxiao, needed to change her advertising method!

Otherwise, Boss Xu will definitely think that she’s merely going through the motions!

“Little Flame, stop jumping, let’s discuss how to advertise later!” She quickly used contractual sensing to communicate with the Flame Fox.

“Huh?!”

After hearing the context, the Flame Fox’s dance steps in the fire training area slightly faltered.

What? Other contestants are advertising too?

“In order to get discounts from Boss Xu in the future, we need to do this, then that…” Su Xiaoxiao quickly communicated a new advertising plan to the Flame Fox.

This time, the Flame Fox was extremely cooperative.

For the sake of future wash and care and accompaniment during training, let’s charge ahead!

“Alright, thank you for your speech, contestant He Shaokang. Now, let’s see the final score given by the judges.” The host handed the microphone to He Shaokang to stop him from continuing to speak, then turned his eyes towards the judge’s seats.

Soon, the judges announced He Shaokang’s score.

Out of a perfect hundred, He Shaokang scored an impressive 98.3, a full two points higher than the previous highest score.

For a time, the contestants who had already completed their show all had gloomy expressions, and those who hadn’t yet performed became increasingly nervous.

Performing after such a strong contestant isn’t a good thing…

Time passed by the minute and second. Soon, sixteen more nameless contestants had completed their competition.

Apart from He Shaokang, the contestants with the highest scores scored 97.4 points, still a substantial distance from He Shaokang’s score.

Watching Ning Junli step by step onto the stage, ready to begin her show, He Shaokang’s face couldn’t help but become a little more solemn.

She was his biggest obstacle to winning the championship!

Ning Junli is a girl with long black hair. She waved cheerfully at the judges and then summoned her pet beast.

In the wild wind, a mantis pet beast as tall as a person, with a mainly green body adorned with peach blossom pink, a slender waist wearing a skirt of pink flower petals, appeared.

Combat system pet beast, Peach Blossom Mantis!

With the appearance of the pet beast, the one-person one-pet show officially began.

Three minutes of exhilarating performance, ending with the Peach Blossom Mantis swinging its sharp forelegs, slashing at Ning Junli’s head amidst the audience’s screams, and perfectly giving her a princess cut.

“Spectacular performance!” The host hurried onto the stage and handed the microphone to Ning Junli, “Thank you and your pet beast for the show!”

With a newly styled hairdo, Ning Junli gave a slight smile, “I must thank the Dawn Foster Store for its meticulous service for the Peach Blossom Mantis, any Beast Masters with washing and protection requirements…”

Hearing the familiar advertisement, the host’s vision went black.

Again?!