Chapter 123 - 96: Star’S First Time _2

Chapter 123: Chapter 96: Star’s First Time _2

Translator: 549690339 I

A bath and grooming session?

Anticipation twinkled in Star’s eyes.

It was indeed curious about what kind of magic lay in the Beast Master’s grooming that could make the Frost Dust Wolf show such an attitude, and make Ziyun so approving of it.

“Let’s go pick up Ziyun first, and see how her training is going.” Xu Ran turned and headed for the elevator, with Star following closely on his heels.

Shortly after, the pair arrived at the training area reserved for Thunder Attribute beasts. Just in time to see Ziyun throw back her head with a “meow”, causing a spectacular sight of a hundred-meter Thunder Sea.

Seeing Ziyun unleashing her power for the first time, Star widened its eyes, realizing the gap in strength between it and its elder sister. Gazing at the rapidly leaping Ziyun, the admiration in its eyes deepened.

So strong!

Would it be able to become this powerful in the future?

“Nicely done.” Xu Ran gently petted Ziyun’s head according to his usual routine, and checked her status, his face expressing shock.

The growth of Starlight Level skills tended to be slower than Stardust Level ones, yet Ziyun’s progress was in no way weak.

[Contracted Pet Beast: Ziyun

Race name: Electric Chasing Cat

Attribute: Thunder

Growth Step: Elite Stage (5831/20000X+]

Species Stage: Leader Species

Skills:

[★★★Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound (Starlight Level) ] (130/500) [+]

[★★Electric Pursue (Starlight Level) ] (129/500) [+]

[★★Battle Instinct (Starlight Level)] (64/500) [+]

[★Self-Healing Power (Starlight Level) ] (60/500) [+]

[★Bloody Fury (Starlight Level) ] (77/500) [+]]

Aside from Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, which received an additional 10 skill points, the other skills’ proficiency increased by an average of 30 points. Everyone of these achievements were the result of Ziyun’s hard work.

Was it the influence of contracting with Star, or did the addition of skill points provide Ziyun with a new motivation?

Xu Ran could not decipher it just yet, but nonetheless, it was good news.

Now, it was time for him, the Beast Master, to do his part.

“You both worked so hard, I should make something delicious for you both.”

A supplementary meal was a must!

“Xi Lu, Xi Lu?” (“Is the food the Beast Master makes always… this delicious?”)

Gazing regretfully at the empty food bowl in front of it, and then at the fosterage residents around it, who were all strong but burying their heads in their own meals, Star couldn’t help but lean towards Ziyun, softly inquiring.

“Meow-” (Yep! Super delicious!)

Ziyun who had just finished eating was in a great mood. She reached out her soft paw and patted Star’s head, demonstrating an attitude that said, “You’ll get used to it if you stay a little longer.”

“Take your time eating. I’ll clean up later. Remember to behave yourselves!” Xu Ran stressed to a few mischievous inhabitants before turning to Star and Ziyun, “Let’s head back to the first floor.”

Is it time for grooming?

Star’s eyes glinted with longing and expectation, tailing Xu Ran faithfully. Ziyun, who was also following along, had a look on her face that spoke of an upcoming amusing scene.

She wondered if Star would make some strange noises.

In no time, the trio returned to the store on the first floor. Star followed Xu Ran directly into the grooming room. In contrast, Ziyun instinctively hopped onto the counter, seemingly preparing to watch over the shop.

It was only until the grooming room door closed did Ziyun realize that the shop door had already been shut.

“Meow-” (Seems like there’s no need to watch over the shop.)

Shaking her head slightly, Ziyun shifted her gaze towards the grooming room.

If past patterns held true, Star would not make any strange noises so soon.

Right! First thing first, she should see what that creature is doing!

As if remembering something, Ziyun deftly hopped down from the counter, her tail standing erect. Taking her time, she climbed the stairs to the second floor.

A moment later, she was quietly crouching in front of the Beast Egg at the head of Xu Ran’s bed, as she stared at the swirling, faintly glowing, earthy lines on the surface of the egg, lost in a daze.

When it and Xu Ran chose this beast egg, it thought it would greet the arrival of its new companion soon.

Extending a claw to touch the eggshell, Ziyun gently meowed. @@novelbin@@

Although you will be the third one when you come out, both I and Star are waiting for you, so you must hatch quickly!

Seemingly sensing Ziyun’s presence, the earthy yellow pattern on the eggshell flickered slightly, revealing an intimate emotion from within the shell.

After spending time with the beast egg, Ziyun darted back downstairs, and upon hearing the joyful neighing from the grooming room, a knowing smile appeared on its face.

Hmm-hmm- As expected, no pet beast can resist the grooming of its Beast Master!

“Shh ”

In the Grooming Room, Xu Ran had finished the initial soaking, rinsing off the copious sweat that Star had shed during training. He now held a soft brush with fine bristles, gently brushing Star.

The brush tips slipped through the small gaps in Star’s dense, short coat, tenderly grazing the area around each follicle. The bizarre tingling sensation from deep within the follicles spread throughout Star’s body, causing its robust frame to tremble.

“Xi Lu Lu~”

Star’s voice shook a bit, feeling as light as if it was galloping across the plains with Night Song.

Now it understood why the Frost Dust Wolf made that kind of sound when it was groomed by its Beast Master, and why its elder sister told it, “Wait till Xu Ran grooms you once, and you’ll know,” when it asked about the grooming experience.

This feeling… it was indescribably… marvelous!

Brushing, trimming, care, drying…

Each step was carried out systematically. The Star emerging from the grooming room was vastly different from its previous self.

The black-to-purple gradient mane fell softly and smoothly over its neck, each hair shimmering mysteriously under the light like the night sky. Its matching tail swayed slightly with its movements, revealing its lustrous softness.

Star’s sturdy body was covered in a smooth fur that glowed under the light, emphasizing its muscular lines. Its four purple hooves, trimmed by Xu Ran, had a gem-like sheen and a hard texture.

The grooming made its eyes, which were like purple crystals, even brighter, and the white starry mark, slightly above the center of its eyes, stood out brilliantly against the black pelt.

“Xi Lu Lu!” (I know what grooming feels like now!)

Star strutted over to Ziyun, who was lazily lounging on the counter, to share its newfound experience of grooming.

“Meow-” (I know, I’ve been groomed many times now-)

Ziyun waved its paw, implying it had been through this experience many times than Star had.

“Not necessarily.” Hearing the exchange between the two pet beasts, Xu Ran gave a wry smile. “I’ve improved my grooming techniques, so the results are now better than before.”

“So, if I groom you now, the result will be better than it was in the past.”

“Meow?” (Really?!)

Upon hearing this, Ziyun was pepped up.

Its lazy demeanor vanished in an instant. It jumped from the counter, biting Xu Ran’s trouser leg and dragging him towards the grooming room.

Ready for grooming!

“Alright.” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly.

Ziyun’s last grooming session was before the final round of the Challenge Match. It had not been too long ago. But it had been through a lot and made several trips since then, and it indeed needed a good wash now.

He decided to pamper this little guy who’d been training for six hours today.

A while later, a prolonged and enchanting sound came from the grooming room.

“Meow—”

“Xi Lu Lu?”

Star, who was outside the grooming room, tilted its head.

Why does elder sister’s voice sound even stranger than mine?

“Okay, you two play.”

After grooming Ziyun and cleaning up the food bowls on the ground floor, Xu Ran stretched lazily, turned around and headed upstairs. “I’m going upstairs to meditate.”

In the past, he would have taken Ziyun upstairs with him, but now with Star around, it’s better to let the two little ones have some fun on their own.

There are still about twenty days left on his Meditation Acceleration Card. Although he’d already reached the second stage of contract power, it’s not a bad thing to meditate a bit more and make the most of the time.

Who wouldn’t want to reach the third stage sooner?