Chapter 136 - 103 Purple Items! Ziyun’S Evolution

Chapter 136: Chapter 103 Purple Items! Ziyun’s Evolution

Path!_l

Translator: 549690339

[Add-on update 1/10 for Silver League WarmSuni314]

“Awoo???? ”

Accompanied by another weird howl, the door to the grooming room quickly opened and Xu Ran walked out, leading a Wind Lion Dog whose expression was unsatisfactory and posing in a cool and swag way.

“What the!” Liu Gu’s eyes widened dramatically.

The previous Sea Wave Flower, which was in the transcendent stage during the last grooming, had a significant change in form after advancement, but the contrast wasn’t that stark.

The Wind Lion Dog, which had been groomed often during this period and whose growth stage hadn’t changed, showed a significant difference after this grooming, compared to before.

Even Liu Gu, a rough man, could tell it was extraordinary at first glance.

“Boss Xu, what’s with this…” Liu Gu walked around the proud and satisfied

Wind Lion Dog, smacked his lips, and couldn’t help but ask, “Why does it feel like the grooming effect has improved a lot more than before?”

“Because the grooming service in the shop has been upgraded.” Xu Ran laughed and introduced it to his old customer on the way, “Now, the shop has added an accompanying training service, and the upper limit of grooming and fosterage has also been raised.”

“I saw the price menu earlier and already noticed that.” Liu Gu chuckled.

After Xu Ran took the Sea Wave Flower into the grooming room, Liu Gu noticed the updated price menu on the wall.

The bad news, prices are becoming more and more terrifying.

The good news, this has nothing to do with him.

“Anyway, if Uncle Liu has this kind of need in the future, you can consider coming to our shop.” Xu Ran casually bumped Liu Gu’s shoulder while

laughing.

After grooming the Sea Wave Flower and Wind Lion Dog consecutively, the pleasure value, which was previously a little short of ten in a row, was enough now.

Ten in a row, here I come!

“Alright.” Liu Gu laughed, waved to Xu Ran, “Well, Boss Xu, I’m leaving. I haven’t been home in a week, there are many things to take care of.”

“Take care-”

Standing at the shop door waving goodbye to Liu Gu and his two pet beasts, until the figures of him and his two pets disappeared from sight, Xu Ran quickly turned around to close the shop door, revealing an excited look.

As he had predicted before, he got a purple from ten in a row!

He didn’t have time to check just now, but now he finally got to see what he got.

Was it the Meditation Acceleration Card like before?

Although the current Meditation Acceleration Card had not expired yet, Xu Ran would still be happy if he got another one, with which he could almost certainly break through the third stage.

Of course, if there were other purple item rewards, he would also welcome them as long as they had effects…

ill

The instant he saw clearly the purple item he got this time, Xu Ran’s eyes widened.

“King Species Evolution Route”

“The King Species Evolution Route is a special item produced by the system. It can be used on any leader species of transcendent beings to obtain one of the evolution paths of the King Species of the Transcendent Being.”

Yes! It’s this!

Xu Ran took a deep breath, unable to repress his joy.

He still remembered that when he first opened the lottery interface, he caught a glimpse of a golden item: Holy Spirit Race Evolution Route.

Even now, he still didn’t understand what kind of existence the Holy Spirit Race is. However, he already knew the meaning of the evolution route.

This meant that the lottery draw had a chance to obtain guidance related to evolution, and this was what Xu Ran had been hoping for.

Evolution was too hard.

in many exchanges with other Beast Masters, Xu Ran often heard descriptions like “nine deaths in ten” and “as hard as climbing to heaven.

Therefore, he had always been torn on the path of Beast Master.

He wanted his pet beast to evolve continuously and become stronger, but he was also worried that his pet beast would fall into danger and perish during the evolution process.

If there was guidance from the system, all of it might become simpler.

Now, he finally got it!

Xu Ran quickly glanced at the other rewards besides the evolution route. Seven blues, two greens, seven skill fusion stones, two bottles of Energy Abundant Potion.

Xu Ran had been hoping to get more skill fusion stones from the upgraded ten consecutive draws. Now that his wish was fulfilled, his emotions did not fluctuate much.

After all, compared to the evolution route, the importance of skill fusion stone was not high.

“Meow?” (Did you get what you said before?)

Ziyun’s inquiry with a somewhat expectant voice snapped Xu Ran back to his senses.

He didn’t explain the specific lottery system to the two pet beasts, but when explaining three days ago, he hinted that there would be a batch of new resources in a few days, among which there should be many skill fusion stones.

Probably his unexpected behavior just now made Ziyun have this guess.

“That’s right!” Xu Ran nodded, admitting it directly. Meeting the eager eyes of the two pet beasts, he suddenly asked, “You two have both learned arithmetic, right?”

Ziyun and Star nodded.

For them, already at the elite stage and with significantly improved intelligence, learning basic operations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division in a few days was not difficult.

“So now, I’m going to start counting our value points.” @@novelbin@@

Xu Ran pulled a small blackboard from the corner of the shop and wrote lines of text on it.

“Physical points: 812 points”

“Skill points: 210 points”

“Teachable skills: *★ Insightful Eye, *Self-healing Power”

“Skill fragments: 62”

“Energy Abundant Potion: 3 bottles”

“Skill fusion stone: 8 pieces”

“Beast Master Points: 950 points”

“King Species Evolution Route: 1”

“Meow?!” (Evolution Route?!)

Ziyun was originally staring at the blackboard, using the arithmetic it hadn’t learned long ago to calculate the value points, but blew its top when it saw the last item..