Chapter 133 - 101: Urgent Problem To Be Solved_2

Chapter 133: Chapter 101: Urgent Problem to be Solved_2

Translator: 549690339 |

Upon choosing this skill, the names of Ziyun and Starlight lit up at the same time in the list, indicating that both pet beasts could be taught.

The ability was plucked from Earth attribute Pet Beast Round Bear but could be taught to Thunder attribute Ziyun and Dark attribute Starlight. Without a doubt, it was a universal, unattributed skill.

If both beasts can be taught, then there seems to be a question of who to teach.

Ziyun currently doesn’t have any vision-enhancing skills. This skill does not conflict with its existing skills and can be used as a supplement.

Starlight has Night Eyes, so it has less demand for Insightful Eye, but the possibility of future skill fusion must be considered.

Undoubtedly, this skill can be fused with Night Eyes, and also, as it is a vision-enhancing skill, the success rate wouldn’t be too low.

The ownership of a two-stars skill is a minor issue, but Xu Ran saw bigger problems lying within it.

Going forward, he will inevitably obtain universal skills which he can teach to

all Pet Beasts. But how should these skills be allocated?

The issue of skills can be exchanged and compensated with the recycling function, but there is one problem he simply can’t bypass.

Xu Ran casually opened Ziyun’s panel.

[Contract Pet Beast: Ziyun

Race name: Electric Chasing Cat

Attribute: Thunder Attribute

Growth Step: Elite Stage (6324/20000) [+]

Species Stage: Leader Species

Skills:

[★★★Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound (Starlight Level)] (301/500) [+]

[★★Electric Pursue (Starlight Level)] (182/500) [+]

[★★Battle Instinct (Starlight Level)] (100/500) [+]

[★Self-healing Power (Starlight Level)] (123/500) [+]

[★Blood fury (Starlight Level)] (112/500) [+]]

Over the past three days, Ziyun’s overall growth has been greater than Starlight’s. Not only has the growth progress broken the 6000 mark, all five skills have also seen significant growth.

In addition to the training volume that is not less than Starlight’s, Xu Ran’s point allocation over the past three days has also helped it.

Especially for Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, after a total of twelve hours of pranks over these days, the 120 skill points obtained were all used up. Now, it has broken through the 300-mark.

But with Starlight also breaking into the Elite Stage, future points cannot be

put entirely on Ziyun as in the past.

How to allocate physical points and skill points is an issue that needs to be addressed urgently.

Looking at the two pet beasts that are still playing close together, Xu Ran knew that if this issue was not resolved well, it could easily cause bigger problems.

Or else… seek help from other Beast Masters?

Xu Ran had an idea, and he thought of the Beast Master Forum he had not logged on to for a long time.

As a novice in Beast Mastery, there are many problems he could not learn from books, such as how to manage multiple pet beasts.

Perhaps, other experienced Beast Masters could help him with this issue. After logging into the forum, Xu Ran pondered for a while and quickly posted a thread.

“Seeking Advice: How to allocate training resources for multiple contracted pet beasts?”

Unexpectedly, just after the post was released, a red dot indicating a new reply appeared in the backstage.

“I have been looking forward to a post by Boss Xu for so long!

Xu Ran:”???”

What’s happening?

Upon a closer look, he realized that his forum account had been exposed at some point.

Internet real-name system, huh…

Looking at more and more replies, Xu Ran could only helpless rub his forehead.

Is this the side effect of advertising?

No matter, let’s get back to business.

After carefully screening each reply, Xu Ran quickly saw some substantial content.

-OP, change your way of thinking. How can both pet beasts be satisfied? Of course by preparing enough food for them plus extra! Its the same with resources, money can solve everything!

Sorry, money can’t solve the problem of points allocation.

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly. The reply was reasonable, but unfortunately, it did not provide him much reference.

However, it should be a good start.

Xu Ran continued to wait and quickly received the second valid reply.

“I propose the competition method. By allowing multiple pet beasts to compete for resources, the fittest will survive. This is the law of nature, fair and just,” Let Ziyun and Star compete for who gets the upgrade points…

Xu Ran glanced at the two pets playing and quickly gave up the idea. This method is indeed fair, but it lacks some human touch. In the long run, Ziyun and Star will face excessive competition. I’m afraid there won’t be an opportunity for such a scene to occur again, right?

Let’s see.

Xu Ran continued to wait, and soon the third suggestion came.

“I suggest equal distribution. All resources should be equally divided among the pet beasts.”

Equal distribution… It could be an idea.

Each pet beast gets half of the upgrade points, quite fair.

But, isn’t it too fair?

Training pet beasts is not like anything else. What if Ziyun or Star are in a critical stage and desperately need upgrade points?

While Xu Ran thought, a fourth comment caught his eye.

It was not a reply to Xu Ran’s post, but to the third comment.

“Total equality doesn’t exist. That approach is too idealistic and rigid. I suggest flexible equal distribution. The specific way is…” @@novelbin@@

As he read the user’s lengthy comment, Xu Ran’s eyes gradually lit up. What is called flexible equal distribution is a form of value distribution. It’s not to allocate existing resources, but to value existing resources according to the same standard and set the required value points.

For example, a Beast Master has two pets and two types of resources, each worth 8 points and to points. So the total resource value is 18 points, split between each pet, it would be 9 points.

How can both pets use the resources equally?

It’s simple, by borrowing!

The pet needing 10 points of resources borrows 1 point from the other and repays it in a manner acceptable to the other.

This repayment could be seeking chance to return the favor during subsequent resource allocations, or helping the other in some way.

In other words, Beast Masters treat each pet equally, giving them the same initial value points. The pets then trade amongst themselves according to their needs!

This method will not only make every pet complaint-free about resource allocation, it could also strengthen their relationship through frequent value point exchanges!

“Talent!”

After reading, Xu Ran slapped his thigh in excitement.

Never expected to find such a genius on the forum!

This, this is the solution he needs!

Xu Ran quickly applied this to his situation.

Currently, there are three main resources for his two pets.

Teachable skills, physical points that can boost growth progress, and skill points that can enhance skill proficiency.

Plus, various system rewards obtained from the pleasure value lottery draws, and other potential resources.

Both physique and skill points are of equal value to Xu Ran. Hence, when setting value points, it can be set as 1 value point = 1 physique point = 1 skill point.

Based on this, considering the difficulty of decomposing a skill into fragments after acquiring it from washing and protection, 1 skill fragment can be set as 10 value points.

Then the value of one-star and two-star skills would be clear.

Whether obtained from plucking fur and then taught, or exchanged with skill fragments, one-star skill =100 value points, two-star skill = 400 value points, three-star skill – 2000 value points, any higher is not considered for now.

After determining the value of these three main resources, Xu Ran began to consider how to set a value for the rewards obtained from the lottery draw.

If values were set based on different types, the process would become extremely tedious.

So values can be simply set according to rarity.

From what Xu Ran has so far obtained, there are three valuable prizes: green, blue, and purple.

Setting the value of green items to be the standard of an Energy Abundant Potion, it should roughly be 50 value points. (The rough increase of skill proficiency after three hours of training, halve the value because the pet beasts have to train hard)

For blue items with the standard of a skill fusion stone, it should roughly be 100 value points. (Three-star skill: 2000 value points, three two-star skills: 1200 value points, calculate eight skill fusion stone fusion successes) As for purple items, so far he has only drawn a Meditation Acceleration Card, with no reference, but 200 value points is definitely too low, so set it at 500 value points.

The value of other resources can be set according to the actual situation.

Then there’s the last issue.

Xu Ran raised his head and looked at the two pets, who were curiously looking at him because of his exclamations, “Can both of you do math?

Ziyun:”???”

Star:”???”