Chapter 134 - 102: Re-Experiencing The Sea Wave

Chapter 134: Chapter 102: Re-experiencing the Sea Wave

Flower’s Washing and Protection l

Translator: 549690339 @@novelbin@@

“Meow-” (Twenty-four…oh no, it’s twenty-one…)

In the recently reopened fostering shop, Ziyun sat on the counter. One of its paws was on another in an unprecedentedly solemn manner.

Star standing by its side glanced at Ziyun’s actions and then looked down at its own hoof. It abandoned the idea of learning arithmetic and silently turned to the multiplication table stuck on the wall with a serious expression.

I must memorize this table!

Inspired by the Beast Master Forum, Xu Ran made an entirely new resource allocation plan, to which the two pet beasts had no major objections.

Thus, arithmetic became a compulsory lesson for these two.

If you can’t keep accounts straight, you’re at a disadvantage!

“Boss Xu, your grooming is really surprising me!” From the entrance of the grooming room, a guest holding a beautified pet beast beamed with excitement. “I am going to recommend your shop to my friends.”

“I appreciate it in advance, and I hope to see you again.” Xu Ran responded with a smile.

After sending off the customer, Xu Ran turned to the two pet beasts who were still trying to remember the multiplication table and smiled wistfully, “Don’t worry, given your intelligence, you should learn it in a few days.”

“I will save the value points for you for now. Once you’ve mastered arithmetic, we’ll start the allocation.”

In order for the two pet beasts to better understand value points, Xu Ran told them some things that he had not mentioned before, yet without revealing the existence of the system.

For instance, the fusion skills rely on the skill fusion stones, and the skills they could not be taught could be broken down into skill fragments…

At present, all of Xu Ran’s Physical Points and Skill Points have been exhausted. The only skill he can teach is the Insightful Eye.

In addition to that, the remaining resources include seven bottles of Energy Abundant Potion, one skill fusion stone, and a total of 36 skill fragments gained through recycling, which also includes the leftover ones from the past.

He still has a card with 1000 Beast Master Points. He used 50 points for the beast egg to exchange for the help for hatching. According to their approximate values, the remaining 950 points can correspond to 950 value points.

This is all of Xu Ran’s wealth at the moment, totaling 2160 value points.

In a few days, the total value points will witness a significant increase.

On the one hand, there will be a continuous inflow of Physical Points, Skill Points, and Skill Fragments. On the other hand, Xu Ran’s Pleasure Value has accumulated over fifty thousand. According to the current speed of revenue generation, he can do a Ten Consecutive Drawing in just a few more days.

The first Ten Consecutive Drawing after the system upgrade will inevitably bring a lot of good things. Xu Ran has a premonition that with the help of Lucky Liu, it’s not impossible to draw purple items.

In this way, when the two little creatures have mastered arithmetic, the value points should double from their current value.

So the question is,

When will Lucky Liu come to the shop?

“Boss Xu, long time no see!”

Liu Gu’s hearty laughter came from outside the shop door three days later.

Xu Ran’s spirits lifted at once, he quickly went to meet him and saw a grimy Liu Gu, the Wind Lion Dog and the Sea Wave Flower behind him.

“Uncle Liu, it’s been a while.” Xu Ran said sincerely, “Have your squad been fighting outside the city all this time?”

“Yes,” Liu Gu laughed heartily. “Remember the Transcendent Creature Collection Area we talked about last time, where several of our hunting squads teamed up?”

“Of course,” Xu Ran nodded. “I remember you said last time that you only cleared a part of the area, so you finished clearing it in a week?”

“No.” Liu Gu shook his head helplessly. “On the contrary, our clearing progress has even been receded.”

“After the last joint operation, with our departure, new transcendent creatures gathered in the area again.” Liu Gu sighed. “Fortunately, the new creatures are not as strong as the previous ones.”

“There really are a lot of transcendent creatures outside the city.” Xu Ran couldn’t help exclaiming.

“Yeah, though transcendent creatures have a harder time breeding than normal creatures, why can’t we eradicate them?” Liu Gu shook his head. “But it’s good for us because we have a stable source of transcendent resources.”

“The problem is that there are too many transcendent creatures, so we always have to cooperate with other hunting squads to ensure safety.”

“That’s not too bad,” Xu Ran smiled.

“Let’s not talk too much. This time, both Doggy and Flower need bathing, so I’m counting on you, boss.” Liu Gu laughed and slapped the bloody Doggy and the Sea Wave Flower, which hadn’t been bathed in a month and was starting to isolate itself.

“Sure thing!”

Xu Ran’s spirits lifted and he quickly opened the personal panel to check.

[Host: Xu Ran

Contract power: Second Stage

Contracted pet beasts:

Ziyun[Check details]

Star[Check details]

System Skills:

[Plucking Fur (C-level)](97/ioo)

[Drug Application (C-level)](ii7/5OO)

[Pranks (D-level)](33/ioo)

Pet Beast Skills:

[★★Insightful Eye](Can be taught)

Physical point: 812 (Can be allocated)

Skill Points: 210 (Can be allocated)

Pleasure Value: 92135

System Upgrade Experience: 0/2000]

[Recycling](62 Skill Fragments)

As Xu Ran predicted earlier, a lot of Skill Points and Physical Points that were previously exhausted have been added in just three days..