Chapter 132 - 101 Urgent Problems To Solve_L

Chapter 132: Chapter 101 Urgent Problems to Solve_l

Translator: 549690339 I

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Inside the temporarily closed Starfire Foster Care Shop, Star kept kicking its hooves, and a look of anticipation emerged in its purple eyes.

On the counter, Ziyun who had rushed over after hearing the news, tuckered its paws in its belly in a peasant tucking manner, casually swung its fluffy big tail a couple of times. Curiosity flickered in its eyes.

Although it had advanced itself before, it never saw other pet beasts advance!

“Are you ready?” Xu Ran took a deep breath and added 88 physical points to the growth progress bar of Star.

Growth Step: Transcendent Stage (412/500) [+]

UJ.

Growth Step: Transcendent Stage (500/500)

“Xi Lu Lu!”

After being awarded points, the stature of Star visibly grew. It lifted its head and neighed, its eyes filled with excitement.

At the moment when Xu Ran boosted the progress bar to 500, Star felt that it had reached a fulfilled state. Its strength could no longer continue to grow through normal training, to improve, only…

Advance!

From the transcendent stage to a higher growth stage to gain a higher strength limit!

The door to advancement had already cracked open in front of it!

Push it open!

Push it open!!

The instinct to grow stronger continuously emerged in Star’s mind.

Without hesitation, Star pushed open the door to advancement!

Its body abruptly burst forth with blinding white light, even though it was attribute was of darkness, it seemed even more dazzling than the light attribute at this moment.

Within the glow, Star’s figure was growing continuously.

It grew larger and mature from a small horse while its height, which was already two meters after awakening, grew taller.

Two and a half meters…three meters…three and a half meters…

The height of Star froze at four meters and ceased to grow.

As the body grew rapidly, the stature of Star also increased at a rapid speed. In a heartbeat, it had already reached double of the original capacity, and this was only the beginning!

As Star’s strength grew, warmth was transmitted to Xu Ran through the Beast Taming Contract, flowing into him, strengthening him as well.

That was the result of the Beast Taming Contract’s reciprocity!

After stepping into the Elite Stage, Star’s reciprocity wasn’t much inferior to Ziyun’s, such power was also a significant enhancement for Xu Ran!

“Hmm…”

Xu Ran couldn’t help but utter a low hum, and a strange expression surfaced on his face.

At this moment, it seemed that he had experienced the feelings of those pet beasts that he had nurtured.

After what felt like a minute, the dazzling light gradually disappeared.

Star hummed happily, lowered its head, and approached Xu Ran. Affection and gratitude beamed in his eyes.

Though it didn’t know why its strength had suddenly increased so much before advancing, there was no doubt that it was closely related to its Beast Master.

Just as the Beast Master had given it the awakening it had always wanted, and taught it skills without any hint!

This was the magical power from the Beast Master!

The expression on Xu Ran’s face slowly settled. As the strength of Star stabilized, the power reciprocity also came to an end.

His strength after the growth was almost double the original, Xu Ran felt an intense premonition that he could defeat the transcendent stage pet beast with his physical body now.

“Now, you’re as tall as your father.” Looking up at Star, who is now as big as Chasing Wind was back then, Xu Ran’s face turned into a smile,” How does it feel to be in the Elite Stage?”

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Answering him was a fervored neigh from Star.

Stroking Star’s increasingly tall mane, Xu Ran opened the system panel, looking at Star’s new growth stage.

Growth Step: Elite Stage (5000/20000) [+]

Hmm? How come it’s so neat?

Looking at the neat progress of Star’s growth stage, Xu Ran’s face showed a hint of surprise.

A moment later, he had a conjecture.

Perhaps this is related to Star’s breakthrough through adding points.

Usually, when a pet beast reaches the fulfillment of the transcendent stage, it will stay in this stage for a while before advancing to the elite stage.

Although the strength doesn’t increase during this period, perhaps the growth of power doesn’t stop, but accumulates, and will bring stronger power to the pet beast after the breakthrough.

Previously, after Ziyun reached the fulfillment of the transcendent stage, it waited for several days until Xu Ran broke through the second stage with the contract power, and then it broke into the elite stage.

Its growth stage progress right after the breakthrough was 5124, and that extra part compared to Star might be the accumulation result of those few days.

In that case, when reaching the fulfillment of a growth stage, not to rush advancement and to accumulate for a period, might be a good thing?

Xu Ran stroked his chin and put forward this supposition.

Once bitten twice shy, he must not be so hasty in the next breakthrough.

While Xu Ran was pondering, Ziyun slowly rose from the counter.

It could feel that the little brother, who it could swipe down with a single paw before, had approached its strength closely now after advancing.

However…

Looking at Star who seemed to sense something, the eyes still carrying familiarity and respect as always, Ziyun nodded with satisfaction.

Even if its strength increased, it’s still its little brother!

“Meow-”

With a soft leap, Ziyun jumped on the increasingly sturdy back of the Star, it laid on Star’s back and yawned satisfactorily.

Hmm… It’s much more comfortable than before.

“You two…” @@novelbin@@

Noticing the interaction between the two pet beasts, Xu Ran couldn’t help but laugh. He opened the panel, looking at a line.

[★★Insightful Eye] (Teachable)