Chapter 139 - 104 Ziyun In Debt_2

Chapter 139: Chapter 104 Ziyun in Debt_2

Translator: 549690339

Only two were used!

Rounded up, I saved 400 value points!

If all goes well, and the Battle Instinct is upgraded to Three Stars, perhaps the remaining six Skill Fusion Stones will be enough?

Ziyun’s eyes couldn’t help but reveal her thoughts.

“Star, come!”

Xu Ran didn’t ignore Star who was waiting on the side. He waved his hand and then rubbed the soft fur on the back of Star’s neck, “I’ll add the physical points first!”

“Xi Lu Lu!” (Good!)

Expectation appeared in Star’s eyes. The joy of its strength continuously improving without doing anything before breaking through could be felt again, making its mood quite good.

Growth Step: Elite Stage (5189/20000) [+]

U1

Growth Step: Elite Stage (6001/20000) [+]

This might be the largest single increase Xu Ran has made so far. With over 800 physical points released at once, Star’s strength visibly increased, breaking the 6000 barrier.

Excitedly giving a neigh, Star paced a few steps on the ground, seemingly eager to start running full speed.

“Don’t rush, you still have a two-star skill.” Xu Ran smiled, “I’m thinking, whether to teach you this skill now, or keep it and give it to you when you need to fuse skills.”

“After all, once you learn it, you’ll easily be distracted to use it. And this skill, when combined with Night Eyes, will inherit the proficiency of the higher one among the two skills.”

“Xi Lu Lu~” (Then let’s save it!)

Star, ever obliging, accepted Xu Ran’s suggestion.

Training its current six skills takes a lot of its energy. Instead of adding another skill to conflict with Night Eyes, it’s better to use it directly as a fusion skill when the time comes.

“Okay, then Star’s resources are temporarily depleted.”

Xu Ran patted Star’s head and turned to look at Ziyun again, “Let me check which evolution resources the Beast Master Points can help you exchange for now. Then we’ll go to the underground level and test your new skill.” “The 210 skill points are enough to directly add to the Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound up to the Waning Moon Level, but adding those points can cause overflow. After all, you still have three bottles of Energy Abundant Potion, which allows you to work hard to increase some proficiency on your own.” “We can wait until Battle Instinct is also a three-star skill, or even wait until you master the fourth three-star skill, then see where you lack.”

“Meow-” (Everything’s up to you!)

With Xu Ran’s organization, Ziyun, who originally lacked a plan for how to use her resources, suddenly felt much clearer and readily nodded in agreement.

After the discussion, Xu Ran took out his cellphone, opened the official website of the Beast Master Association, entered the points exchange area, and searched for the resources Ziyun needs for evolution one by one.

Heart of the Thunder Stone… Not available.

King Stage Blood Essence of the Thunder Type… Hmm?

To his surprise, the second search turned up a pleasant surprise for Xu Ran.

They actually have this!

Originally, Xu Ran thought that Suai Stage Transcendence Beings were already the strongest he had seen. The blood of King Stage Transcendent Beings sounded very hard to come by.

But the Beast Master Association seems to be more resourceful than he imagined.

Perhaps other more powerful Beast Masters killed a Thunder Type King Stage Transcendent Being, and some resources were allocated to Qjngzhou City for emergency needs?

But the price doesn’t seem to be very appealing…

Looking at the Blood Essence which costs eight hundred points for just one drop, Xu Ran became speechless.

This thing is expensive!

But a change is necessary. This is the main material for evolution. Without it, Ziyun’s evolution will definitely fail.

With only three drops in stock at the Beast Master Association, Xu Ran immediately decided to exchange one drop and then continued to search for other resources.

Power Bone Dust… Not available. @@novelbin@@

Electric Energy Crystal-Harmony Stone-Life Dewdrop-Transcendence

Flower… All available!

Perhaps due to the lower value of these auxiliary evolution materials, Xu Ran managed to find all of them on the exchange list.

But the problem still exists, that is, there are not enough Beast Master Points. It takes 260 Beast Master Points to exchange all four auxiliary materials. Even if Xu Ran uses all his points, he is still short by 110 points.

Who would have thought that the Beast Master Points, which weren’t much of a concern before, are so scarce when they’re really needed.

Xu Ran sighed helplessly.

Forget it, after all, it’s not like Ziyun needs to evolve right now. These four auxiliary resources are all in abundant stock; as long as there are enough points, they can be exchanged at any time.

As for the other two main materials that can’t be exchanged…

His mind suddenly came up with the universal Beast Master Forum.

He had previously seen some posts about seeking resources on there.

He could totally post an enquiry about the whereabouts of these two main materials!

“Offering a bounty for the Heart of the Thunder Stone and Power Bone Dust, compensations are exchanged for any clue on the whereabouts of these two resources.”

As soon as the post was published, like before, there was an influx of replies. However, this time, Xu Ran did not see any useful information right away. After waiting for a while, he momentarily set aside his cell phone and looked at Ziyun, who was full of anticipation, “I have already redeemed the Thunder Attribute King Stage Blood Essence, we are short of some points for other auxiliary resources, I will think of another way.

“As for the other two main materials, I’m looking into it for you too.”

“Meow-” (Okay!)

Having secured one of the materials for evolution, Ziyun was already quite satisfied.

“So now, let’s go down to the basement to see what your Step on Electric Traces is like!” Xu Ran’s face lit up with anticipation.

What would be the result of the fusion of Electric Pursue and Shadow Return?

“Xi Lu Lu!” (I wanna go too!)

Driven by the power increase from the skill points, Star currently felt a itch in its hoofs and must get moving.

The six-hour training area time for the day was already used up, so he could only run around in the living area in the basement that belonged to it.

“Alright.”

Xu Ran smile, then together with his two pet beasts, he headed straight for the foster area.

Star scattered its hoofs and quickly disappeared into its darkness. Xu Ran, on the other hand, used the Foster Area’s control hub to temporarily create a thunder environment for Ziyun.

“Come on! Let’s test out the effects of Step on Electric Traces!”

“Meow-” (Watch me!)

Ziyun’s eyes swiftly became sharp.

“Crackle”

Accompanied by a piercing sound that broke through the air, a large amount of electric light erupted from around Ziyun.

Its body almost completely transformed into thunderbolt. With a single step, it had already appeared tens of meters away, leaving behind a clone made up of gathered thunder where it was.

Like a king harnessing thunder, Ziyun ran freely in the Thunder Region, multiple clones of lightning encapsulating its graceful movement across various areas in the scene.

Then, Ziyun vanished in a flash.

At the same time, one of the thunder clones materialized, moving one step at a time, fluidly replacing the shadow with Ziyun without making a sound. It seemed the new skill, Step on Electric Traces, had fully inherited the effects of Shadow Return.

Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction.

Apart from that, Step on Electric Traces was significantly stronger than Electric Pursue in terms of speed.

Moreover…

His gaze shifted toward the remaining clones at the original place, contemplation appearing on his face.

Shadow Return’s clones don’t have any energy. A little attack and they would be completely shattered and dispersed, the user unable to return to their original position.

But he could sense a palpable, thrilling power from the clones of thunder left behind by Ziyun.

If these were attacked, they definitely wouldn’t simply disperse right?

He bent over, picked a stone up from the ground and threw it towards one of the clones.

“Boom!!!”

In a terrifying thunderous sound, the Shadow of Thunder was detonated instantaneously. The horrifying sparks covered everything within a radius of tens of meters in a moment. By the time the electricity dissipated, there was a semi-spherical crater left on the ground, arcs of electricity leaping across its surface.

Xu Ran’s eyes lit up.

These Clones of Thunder were capable of counter-attacking!

If these clones were left to dissipate naturally, that would be one thing. But if attacked deliberately, they would directly detonate the thunder clones, causing an area of damage!

Although this area damage was not as powerful as Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, it was an outstanding additional effect of a movement skill!

“Xi Lu Lu~”

Hearing the rumble from the other side, Star turned its head to look over from the darkness towards the direction of Xu Ran and Ziyun.

They were trying out Big sister’s new skill, huh? It didn’t seem simple from the sound of it.

It looked around at its familiar surroundings, lightly scratched a clear 959 onto a big rock with its hoofs, and then nodded in satisfaction.

Alright, it could go find them now!