Chapter 130 - 100: Reward For The Hardworking,

Chapter 130: Chapter 100: Reward for the Hardworking,

Star Breakthrough !_1

Translator: 549690339

[An exclusive update for ‘Rippling Spring Sounds’ of the Silver Leader Allianceio/io]

“Wow~”

The Round Bear sat up from the care platform with a trace of reluctance to end the process.

Its thick fur had become smooth and glossy after washing and caring, fitting just right to the contour of its body in fluffy fashion.

The previously tired eyes, seemingly about to close any second, now sparked with life, having tasted a higher level of pleasure.

“Come, time to eat canned food.”

Zhang Xiu, who had been observing the entire washing and caring process, was still awe-stricken. The first thing he did was offer the already opened can of food.

“Wow~”

The Round Bear stretched out its paw. However, it did not reach out for the can of food as Zhang Xiu expected, but pushed it away and turned its head towards Xu Ran.

“Wow~”

“Uh…it says it doesn’t want to eat canned food and wants you to wash and care for it again,” Zhang Xiu somewhat awkwardly interpreted the Round Bear’s intent.

“We just finished the wash and care. It is not good for the Round Bear’s fur to clean so frequently.” Xu Ran smiled and looked at the can of food in Zhang Xiu’s hand, “Anyway, it seems that your goal has achieved.”

“Oh yes!” Being reminded by Xu Ran, Zhang Xiu had a sudden realization. He promptly turned his head towards the Round Bear,”Da Xiong, if you agree to train with me, we can come here for regular washing and care. Deal?”

“Wow?”

The Round Bear grimaced in anguish at the mention of training. Its inherent laziness made training seem uninteresting, as every single moment felt like it was in jail

Even if it had just experienced the comfortable service of washing and caring, if training was the bargaining chip, it still couldn’t agree immediately.

“Let’s leave the washing room first.” Xu Ran chuckled, “Perhaps, I can provide some assistance.”

While speaking, he glanced at his personal panel.

[★★Insightful Eye](can be taught)

Considering the delivery, let’s help this lazy bear.

However…

Xu Ran couldn’t help but recall the almost half-asleep eyes of the Round Bear before washing and caring.

Is it serious about this Insightful eye?

The racial attribute is somewhat abstract.

“How’s it?” Zhang Yun who had just walked out noted the freshly-cleaned Round Bear and laughed, “Have it agreed to train?”

“Not really.” Zhang Xiu told Zhang Yun what had transpired between himself and the Round Bear in exact detail.

“Hmm… In that case, it’s a bit difficult to handle. After all, laziness is part of Round Bear’s nature. You can’t entirely blame it.” Zhang Yun stroked his chin and then looked towards Xu Ran, “Boss Xu, you said, you have a solution? What is it?” @@novelbin@@

“The reason why the Round Bear is unwilling to train is, firstly it’s lazy, and secondly, training is too arduous.” Xu Ran began to earnestly analyze, “Laziness can be eliminated by using washing and caring as bait. But the toughness of training will still repel it.”

“What if training becomes fun?”

“Boss Xu, are you suggesting…” Zhang Yun, who was experienced, quickly understood Xu Ran’s intention, “getting a good sparring trainer to design a suitable training method for Round Bear?”

“What I mean is… why not try our shop’s accompanying training service?” Xu Ran pointed to the price menu.

“Ah?” Zhang Yun finally noticed the updated price menu of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, apparently clueless of when it happened.

“Hiss???? ” He was initially startled by the prices for super large pet beast

cleaning and caring, and the price for fostering general stage or king stage pet beasts. However, he quickly realized that these services had nothing to do with him; his attention then turned towards the accompanying training price menu.

“Boss Xu really knows how to surprise us! Whenever you have new services, you must inform us, your regular customers!” After seeing the price, Zhang Yun laughed, patting Zhang Xiu’s shoulder, “Let’s go! Take the Round Bear for an hour’s training!”

Out of trust in Xu Ran, Zhang Yun did not hesitate.

He even plans to bring his Stone Armored Dragon in a few days if the training of Round Bear proves effective.

“Sure.” Xu Ran nodded slightly and briskly stepped towards the back door accompanied by the two men and a beast.

“Wow! The foster area has become so large?” Upon reaching the underground level, Zhang Yun exclaimed, then suddenly realized the implications, “Boss Xu…is this space expansion technology?”

“Ah, yeah yeah.” Xu Ran was nonchalant, accepting Zhang Yun’s guess readily.

Looking at Xu Ran’s indifferent demeanor, Zhang Yun took a sharp breath.

He has always thought Xu Ran was a normal person, adept in washing and caring technology. But now he seems to be a boss! Not everyone can use this technology.

Xu Ran not only used it casually but also seemed quite serene about it.

This shock intensified as Xu Ran brought them to the earth attribute training area.

This…

Gazing at the towering mountains that suddenly appeared outside the elevator, and feeling the intense earth attribute power in the training area, Zhang Yun decided on the spot to bring his Stone Armored Dragon here the next day!

The Round Bear following them also felt the strong earth attribute power here. Unusually, it began to take independent steps wandering around, exploring.

“Alright, let’s start training the Round Bear now.” Xu Ran turned to Zhang Xiu, who was still in a state of surprise, “What skill do you plan to train the Round Bear for?”

“Ah?” Zhang Xiu snapped out of his stupor, “Then train it for Shattering Rock Strike!”