Chapter 137 - 103 Purple Items! Ziyun’S Evolution

Chapter 137: Chapter 103 Purple Items! Ziyun’s Evolution

Path!_2

Translator: 549690339

Does the Beast Master still have such good stuff in his hand?

I must get it!

Ziyun’s eyes lit up.

No matter how many Value Points it takes, even if it has to borrow from Star, it wants to secure this Evolution Path!

“Xi Lu?”

Star’s gaze was also firmly locked on the last item. Over the days, it had seriously made up for the knowledge it didn’t know before, and had gained an understanding of the mystery of evolution, and was equally looking forward to it.

‘This King Species Evolution Route is worth 500 Value Points.” Realizing what the two Pet Beasts were looking at, Xu Ran drew a line under it with chalk and said, “It should be available in the future.”

With the system’s nature, where there is one, there is two.

Now after being upgraded, the ten-in-one Purple Reward has become easier to achieve, so the odds of obtaining the King Species Evolution Route again in the future are not small.

After explaining the value of the King Species Evolution Route, Xu Ran circled Self-healing Power among the teachable skills.

This was just taken from the Sea Wave Flower. He was thinking what comes of what, Lucky Liu was awesome.

“Ziyun already has this skill, so it can only be taught to Star, and it needs to be deducted directly from Star’s Value Points.”

“Xi Lu Lu~” (No problem!)

Star nodded. It had no objections to this.

This is the kind of skill it needed.

“The total value is 4542 points, and you two will each get 2271 points.” Xu Ran taught Self-healing Power to Star casually, “Okay, now Star deducts too points.”

“So, how are you going to choose next?”

He looked at the two Pet Beasts.

This is the first use of this new allocation method. Whether it really works depends on how the two little ones coordinate.

“Meow-” (Give me the Evolution Path, okay?)

Ziyun turned his head to look at Star, his eyes gleaming.

“Meow!” (I don’t want the Insightful Eye, and you can have priority on Physical Points and Skill Points!)

“Xi Lu?” (Really?)

Star was a bit tempted.

It’s clear that compared to itself, Ziyun, who already has the first three-star skill, is more suitable to get the Evolution Path first.

In comparison, it was interested in the Insightful Eye, which it hadn’t fused with yet. This skill seemed to be able to fuse with Night Eyes.

Thinking of Xu Ran’s words that there would be opportunities to get Evolution Paths in the future, and thinking of the care it had received from Big Sister before, Star didn’t hesitate for long and made a decision quickly.

“Xi Lu Lu!” (Give it to you!)

“Meow-” (Love you-)

Ziyun nodded in satisfaction and then turned his gaze to Xu Ran.

“Okay, then the Evolution Path goes to Ziyun.” Xu Ran nodded with a smile.

In his heart, he also preferred to give this Evolution Path to Ziyun, but since he had decided to give the initiative to the Pet Beasts, he had no intention of intervening.

Having chosen Ziyun in his heart, Xu Ran chose to use the Evolution Path.

Under his expectant gaze, rows of text emerged.

[Evolution Path: Electric Chasing Cat (Thunder) _ Thunder God Cat (Thunder)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: **★**]

[Evolution Path: Electric Chasing Cat (Thunder) Electric Light Cat (Thunder)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: ★****]

[Evolution Path:…]

Huh?

Looking at the long list of Evolution Paths, a stunned look came over Xu Ran’s face.

He originally thought that after using it, it randomly showed detailed information on one kind of Evolution Path. Now it seems… he can choose it himself?

Before choosing, he couldn’t get too much information, and could only judge the superiority of the Evolution type through the attributes after evolution and the two dimensions under the Evolution Path: Evolution Difficulty and Evolution Potential.

Evolution Difficulty is easy to understand, but Evolution Potential is not so easy to understand.

Does he mean the strength of the Evolution type? Or some other factors?

Taking a deep breath, Xu Ran started to check from the first Evolution type – Thunder God Cat.

A moment later, he figured out the pattern.

The majority of Ziyun’s possible future Evolution types are purely Thunder attribute, with a few more other attributes besides Thunder.

There seems to be a significant relationship between Evolution Potential and Evolution Difficulty. The overall regularity is that the greater the difficulty, the higher the potential.

This made Xu Ran, who was originally planning to choose the easiest Evolution Path, in a quandary.

Evolution Potential…

Without much thought, Xu Ran tapped on the characters in front of him and to his surprise, a line of text popped up.

[Evolution potential refers to the further evolutionary potential of this evolution type.]

You could have mentioned that earlier…

Xu Ran groaned, and after reading the text, he let out a deep sigh.

The King Species is only the first stage of evolution. Although it’s already powerful for him now, the strongest Beast Master he has ever met was at the same level.

However, Xu Ran knew that the King Species might not be much in front of more powerful creatures, so subsequent evolutions are equally important.

He introduced the situation to Ziyun, and Ziyun’s choice was in line with his thoughts.

Choose the one with the greatest evolution potential!

After a search, Xu Ran’s eyes stopped on a certain evolution path.

There are seventy-seven evolutionary pathways for the Electric Chasing Cat as a King Species, and only this evolution path in front of him has a five-star Evolution Potential.

But likewise, its Evolution Difficulty also reached five stars.

[Evolution Path: Electric Chasing Cat (Thunder) Flash Thunder Cat (Thunder, Fighting)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: **★**]

An evolutionary type with both Thunder and Fighting attributes, huh…

Xu Ran suddenly thought of a two-star skill, Battle Instinct, that Ziyun has been using much less frequently lately.

If it evolves to have the Fighting attribute, this skill might shine even more right?

That’s it!

Without further hesitation, Xu Ran finally chose the evolution path.

As other evolution pathways turned into ashes before his eyes, the path leading to the Flash Thunder Cat unfolded like an envelope, revealing more detailed information.

[Evolution Path: Electric Chasing Cat (Thunder) _ Flash Thunder Cat

(Thunder, Fighting)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: *****

Evolution Conditions:

1. Electric Chasing Cat has not yet broken through the Leadership Stage

2. All of the Electric Chasing Cat’s Talent Skills must be promoted to three-star skills before evolution, and the one-star Bite Skill cannot be upgraded to a three-star Thunder Attribute skill

3- Must master at least one additional three-star skill

4- All three-star skills must reach Waning Moon Level proficiency

Evolution Materials: Heart of the Thunder Stone (Main), Thunder Attribute King Stage Blood Essence (Main), Power Bone Dust (Main), Electric Energy Crystal, Harmony Stone, Life Dewdrop, Transcendence Flower

(Missing main materials will cause the evolution to definitely fail; missing auxiliary materials will reduce the success rate of the evolution)

Evolution Ceremony: Choose a cliff with a drop of no less than one kilometer, chmb to the top along the steep cliff using physical power in a thunderstorm, and complete the evolution at the peak.]

Looking down, Xu Ran’s expression gradually became serious.

Is this the difficulty of a five-star evolution?

All three Talent Skills must be upgraded to three stars, and the one-star Bite

Skill cannot be merged with Thunder Attribute skills, only with Common Skills.

On top of that, an additional three-star skill must also be mastered.

That is to say, Ziyun needs to have four three-star skills and all of them must be promoted to Waning Moon Level proficiency in order to meet the conditions for evolution.

Not breaking through the Leadership Stage, on the other hand, seems to be the easiest part.

Besides, there are seven kinds of Evolution Resources needed. Although only three of them are main materials, Xu Ran dares not miss any after reading the note below.

The other things are still unclear, but from the Thunder Attribute King Stage Blood Essence, it can be inferred that these resources are not simple. @@novelbin@@

As for the last Evolution Ceremony…

With Ziyun’s current power, climbing a kilometer high cliff is not difficult, as long as it uses Electric Pursue.

If it can only rely on physical power, this so-called ceremony may not be so easy to complete.

Looking at the expectant Ziyun, Xu Ran took a deep breath, “Your evolution

path might be a bit troublesome.”

Meow – (I’m all prepared!)

Ziyun nodded seriously.

When Xu Ran previously asked for its opinion, it chose the evolution path with the greatest potential without hesitation, so it was already mentally prepared for the greatest Evolution Difficulty as well.

What hasn’t Ziyun experienced? Bring it on!

What I mean is…” Xu Ran paused for a moment, a strange expression appearing on his face, “Are you ready to borrow Value Points from Star?”

“Meow, meow, meow?!”

Apprentice gift lottery for ten pillows at eleven o’clock tonight, open to apprentices and above level readers only.

Last day of August, asking for monthly tickets!