Chapter 131 - Too Reward For Hard Work, Star

Chapter 131: Chapter too Reward for Hard Work, Star

Breakthrough! 2

Translator: 549690339

Just say or not say…

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly, “No problem.”

[In order to improve the efficiency of this training session, the system will grant the host related knowledge of the “Shattering Rock Strike Skill Training Guide”]

Huh?

After digesting the knowledge poured into his mind by the system, Xu Ran’s eyes revealed a hint of surprise.

The best way to train this skill is actually like this? @@novelbin@@

“Wait a moment.” He turned and walked towards the training equipment warehouse, quickly fetching a pair of oversized claw gloves.

After strapping the claw gloves onto Round Bear’s powerful front paws, Xu Ran patted its drooping head, “All right, now it’s time to sleep!”

“Huh?” Zhang Yun couldn’t help but look at Xu Ran.

“Huh?” A look of confusion appeared on Zhang Xiu’s face; weren’t they here for training? Why had it turned into sleep?

The happiest one in the place, however, was Round Bear.

Hearing that it could sleep after having mentally prepared for grueling training, it quickly became joviced.

“But, you need to change your sleeping position.” Seeing Round Bear looking as dopey as ever, Xu Ran spoke slowly, “Come on, do as I say.”

“Sit down… Spread your legs… Prop yourself up with your claws… Lower your head… Good, that’s it!” Xu Ran nodded, satisfied with Round Bear’s position, “Just sleep like this.”

Almost the moment Xu Ran’s voice fell, Round Bear fell asleep immediately.

For it, sleeping in any position was just as easy.

Seeing Round Bear’s abstract sleeping position, sitting on the ground and propping itself up with its claws, Zhang Yun and Zhang Xiu both expressed their confusion.

“Huh?”

“Brother Xu, can we train Shattering Rock Strike like this?” Zhang Xiu couldn’t help but ask.

“Think about it, how is Shattering Rock Strike executed?” Xu Ran gave Zhang Xiu a reassuring look and asked.

“Uh… Slapping the ground with both claws?” Recalling the scene of Round Bear releasing Shattering Rock Strike, Zhang Xiu spoke somewhat uncertainly.

“Right, just like that.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, “The essence of Shattering Rock Strike is to strengthen the connection between the paws and the earth, instantly activating the Earth attribute Power when necessary, causing the earth to crack and create powerful destructive effects.”

“Keep sleeping with your paws touching the ground, how can you not make great progress with such diligence?”

Diligence?

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, both Zhang Yun and Zhang Xiu twitched at the corners of their mouths.

Why does it sound… not quite right?

“Don’t worry, you’ll know in an hour.” Seeing their doubts, Xu Ran didn’t explain much.

Sleeping with your paws propped against the ground is naturally not enough, but with those claw gloves, it’s different.

The gloves, which transmitted the pulse of the earth to the bear’s paws at all times, helped Round Bear to better grasp the Shattering Rock Strike skill. At this moment, Round Bear was in a dream, its spirit naturally relaxed, making it easier to turn this pulse into instinct.

After pointing out some relevant matters to them, Xu Ran leisurely returned to the shop to continue watching the beauty contest live broadcast.

“It’s over?” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, clicked on the broadcast replay, and continued watching from where he had left off.

Su Xiaoxiao’s victory had hardly been suspenseful.

Under Xu Ran’s guidance, the Flame Dance skill proficiency had broken through to the Starlight Level, and with the help of the Washing and Protection, the Flame Fox easily achieved the highest score in the field.

99.5 points.

Watching Su Xiaoxiao in the replay, holding up the beauty contest trophy with one hand and the Flame Fox with the other, displaying a brilliant smile, Xu Ran couldn’t help but smile himself.

After this advertising, there will be more visitors coming to the shop for Washing and Protection, right?

If it could be said that the previous advertising during the Challenge Match merely made everyone aware of a shop called the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City.

Then the current beauty contest was showing more directly the excellent results of Starfire Foster Care Shop in Washing and Protection and training.

Many Beast Masters who were paying attention to the beauty contest had Washing and Protection requirements, so the coverage of this kind of advertising, although not as extensive as before, was much more precise.

Xu Ran, who now had Recycling as a new system function, suddenly found his demand for Washing and Protection had increased.

Before, if he wanted to acquire a skill suitable for his Pet Beast, he needed to find a Pet Beast with the corresponding attribute, and then sweet-talk the corresponding Beast Master to bring the Pet Beast for Washing and Protection.

Now there was no such hassle.

As long as there are more and more customers coming for Washing and Protection, the skills suitable for his own Pet Beast could completely be acquired by exchange.

“Excuse me, is this the Starfire Foster Care Shop? Is the Flame Fox from the beauty contest washed and protected here?”

A voice came from outside the door. Seeing the new faces with their Pet Beasts, Xu Ran smiled, “Yes, this is the place. Welcome!”

This advertisement came at just the right time.

After seeing off the highly satisfied new customer, Xu Ran stretched lazily. There was a rustling noise from the back door of the shop, and Uncle Zhang Yun and his nephew came in with the Round Bear, which had been sleeping… no, training for an hour.

“Boss Xu, you’re incredible!” The first thing Zhang Yun did after stepping out of the back door was to cast Xu Ran an admiring glance, “Such a simple training method can actually improve the proficiency of the Shattering Rock Strike.” After an hour of training, they ran a test on Round Bear’s Shattering Rock Strike, and the visible improvement was noticeable.

Not only was the training effective, but the most pleasant surprise was that the Round Bear did not resist the training at all and instead thoroughly enjoyed it. “Brother Xu, from now on, our Round Bear will train here.” Zhang Xiu showed a delighted expression, “We’re going to train for twelve hours every day!” “Oh, this…” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

Half a day training every day?

Compared to the lazy Round Bear, Is this Beast Master too diligent?

“Sorry, we have rules here, each Pet Beast can only train for six hours a day.” Xu Ran refused the proposal without a second thought, “Training needs a balance of work and rest, it is very tiring for Round Bear to sleep.”

Even sleeping gets tiring?

Zhang Shu and his nephew’s mouths convulsed.

But since Xu Ran had already spoken, Zhang Xiu could only compromise, “Then I’ll come train for six hours every day.”

“Good.” Xu Ran nodded with a beaming smile.

The growth of skill points is fixed, ten points per hour. If Zhang Xiu trains for six hours every day, he can garner sixty skill points and six Pranks experience point each day.

Such high-grade customers are always welcome.

“Then I’ll continue to train for the remaining five hours today!” Zhang Xiu was visibly excited as he paid and grabbed Round Bear to head towards the back door.

“This kid.” Zhang Yun watched Zhang Xiu’s retreating figure and chuckled softly, “Xiu is a hardworking boy. Having such a lazy Pet Beast always troubled him, now with a method to train, he can’t wait to become stronger.”

“Indeed very hardworking.” Xu Ran agreed with a nod.

“Alright, I’ll get going. Next time, I’ll bring my Stone Armored Dragon over for training.” Zhang Yun stretched out his hand towards Xu Ran, laughing heartily before turning to leave.

Watching Zhang Yun leave, Xu Ran suddenly heard a passionate rallying cry in his mind.

“Xi Lu!”

It’s Star!

Listening to the message conveyed by Star through the Contractual Sensing, a delighted look came over Xu Ran’s face.

He promptly opened Star’s panel.

[Contract Pet Beast: Star

Race name: Night Colt

Attribute: Darkness

Growth Stage: Transcendent Stage (412/5OO)[+]

Race Stage: Leader Species

Skills:

[★★Twilight Watch (Starlight Level)](l/500)[+]

[★★Star Chain (Starlight Level)](l/5OO)[+]

[★★Night Eyes(Starlight Level)](l/500)[+]

[★★Night Song( Starlight Level)](l/500)[+]

[★★Nightfall(Starlight Level)](l/500)[+]

[★Tenacity (Starlight Level)](39/500)[+]]

It only took three days for Star to elevate all his skills to the Starlight Level as Xu asked!

This was certainly due to the Pranks and environmental factors, but what was even more crucial was Star’s unwavering perseverance and himself fully completing six hours of training every day!

“Star, come on up.” Xu Ran chuckled softly, communicating with Star through Contractual Sensing, “I said before, once all skills reach Starlight Level, I would help with your breakthrough. Now is the time.”

During this period, he didn’t give all of his body constitution points to Ziyun.

The remaining points were reserved for this exact moment.

A diligent child deserves to be rewarded!