Chapter 135 - 102: Re-Experiencing The Sea Wave Flower’S Washing And Protection !

Chapter 135: Chapter 102: Re-experiencing the Sea Wave Flower’s Washing and Protection !

Translator: 549690339

Though no other teachable skills were acquired these three days, the continuous decomposition of useless skills had granted Xu Ran a total of 26 skill fragments.

The resources consumed over these three days were six Energy Abundant Potions.

Total value points, 3,142 points.

After much anticipation, Lucky Liu finally arrived. Naturally, lottery drawing was on the agenda.

While he didn’t have enough for a ten-in-a-row draw, he wasn’t far off.

Given the effects of his upgraded Washing and Protection, after taking care of the Wind Lion Dog and Sea Wave Flower, he would have enough Pleasure value for a ten-in-a-row draw.

Besides, he wanted to see if he could extract the self-healing Power from the Sea Wave Flower once again, to assign it to Star.

“Which one of you will go first?”

“Bow-wow!”

The Wind Lion Dog shook its fur, matted with coagulated blood stains, looked at Xu Ran with big, friendly eyes, stuck out its tongue, and gestured with its eyes to the hovering Sea Wave Flower, signaling it to be groomed first.

Though it was accustomed to cleanliness and equally desired Xu Ran’s long-awaited care, it, being a companion, knew that the Sea Wave Flower, being severely obsessed with cleanliness, needed to be washed and groomed as quickly as possible.

“Gulp-”

The Sea Wave Flower floated in the air, its tendril-like feelers waved slightly, and it filled the air with a sound of gratitude like the gurgling of a spring.

Given its current state, this was the most gratitude it could express.

Floating in the air, the Sea Wave Flower followed closely behind Xu Ran, entering the Grooming Room with a certain urgency.

Its body full of impurities, it needed Xu Ran’s assistance more than anything.

“Drop into the tub.”

Xu Ran prepared a bath for the Sea Wave Flower according to his advanced grooming knowledge, filled a large tub with it, and gestured towards the hovering Sea Wave Flower.

This was a familiar scene for the Sea Wave Flower.

It was a month ago, in the same tub, that Xu Ran gently manipulated its layered, petal-like body, meticulously cleansing the deep-set grime.

Revisiting the old, the Sea Wave Flower soon shed its initial stiffness. It hovered over the tub and then “plopped” jumped in.

“Gulp-”

Immersed in the mild and soothing liquid, the Sea Wave Flower felt as warm as if it was back in its cradle.

As if it had fallen into its mother’s arms, its tense body gradually relaxed. Its closed, petal-like structure slightly unfolded, letting down its guard.

[Pleasure Value from the Sea Wave Flower +20]

[Pleasure Value from the Sea Wave Flower +20]

[From…]

“You’ve changed quite a bit.” Xu Ran prepared for the next step of the grooming while examining the Sea Wave Flower. He then spoke with a laugh.

A month passed, and the Sea Wave Flower was no longer at the Transcendent Stage. It was the only pet beast in the Tiger Hunting Squad with healing abilities and had received a lot of resource investment. It has successfully broken through to the Elite Stage.

Compared to its Transcendent Stage, the Elite Stage Sea Wave Flower had grown more and longer tendrils, almost covering its entire body. Its originally semi-translucent body had a light blue hue, which now had deepened.

It was significantly larger than before, and with the increasing layers of petals, its bud-like body had grown fuller. Overall, it had become much more fetching, exuding a somewhat stunning charm.

Of course, Xu Ran believed that the Sea Wave Flower’s appearance would improve even further after being groomed.

“Are you ready? Then, let’s get started.” Xu Ran put on exceptionally thin latex cleaning gloves and spoke softly.

He then began to carefully unravel the tightly closed bud of the Sea Wave Flower with his gloved hands.

The tiny protruding particles on the surface of the gloves, gently gliding over the Sea Wave Flower’s body, were able to cleanse every nook and cranny of dirt as the petal-like structures were peeled apart.

“Gulp???? ”

With Xu Ran’s meticulous cleaning, a tingling sensation, like being electrocuted, traveled throughout the Sea Wave Flower’s body. Its countless thin and slender tendrils stuck out rigidly, but then fell down powerlessly as its tense body was fully relaxed.

[Pleasure Value from the Sea Wave Flower +40]

[Pleasure Value from the Sea Wave Flower +40]

[From…]

Xu Ran was surprised. He glanced at the Sea Wave Flower.

Even after the advanced grooming, such high Pleasure Value was rare. Although the Sea Wave Flower didn’t come to be groomed often, every grooming session brought him quite a surprise.

If all the pet beasts coming for washing and protection could be like this, his pleasure value earnings would be much more than now.

Thinking of this, Xu Ran’s gaze towards the Sea Wave Flower became increasingly gentle.

After meticulously cleaning the deep-seated dirt hidden on the body of the Sea Wave Flower, he took off the gloves he wore earlier.

The gloves with tiny granules were helpful in removing stubborn dirt, but dulled the delicate touch. The more subtle dirt required direct hand washing for a deeper cleaning.

Among the advanced grooming knowledge, Xu Ran learned an efficient set of massage techniques that he didn’t use last time when grooming the Sea Wave Flower.

He decided to use them this time.

Directly inserting his hand into the thoroughly relaxed, slightly opened bud of the Sea Wave Flower, the pads of Xu Ran’s fingers close to one side of the petals of the Sea Wave Flower, then press gently to raise the petals.

The slight roughness that he couldn’t feel with the gloves was smoothed out by Xu Ran’s fingertips, and the alternating bending of four fingers made the massage more efficient.

The body of the Sea Wave Flower, which was originally relaxed, tensed up like it was electrified. With Xu Ran’s massage, its body couldn’t help but tremble, and its tentacles all over its body were continuously tensed up in an “S” shape.

“Gudong—”

[Pleasure value from Sea Wave Flower +80]

[Pleasure value from Sea Wave Flower +80]

[From…]

“The grooming time for the flower is quite long.” Sitting in the lounge, listening to the faint sounds from the grooming room, Liu Gu, who was already fully able to ignore it, chuckled.

“These few days its temperament has become colder, I knew something was wrong, it needs to be groomed again.”

“Woof!”

The Wind Lion Dog nodded, its tongue sticking out and its face full of naivety.

In the city outskirts, the Sea Wave Flower saved its life several times after breaking through the Elite Stage with its strong healing abilities, so it had a good impression of this companion.

“Woof?”

Suddenly, the naive dog’s eyes became sharp. It stood up instantly, its tongue receded, tightly closing its mouth to reveal sharp teeth, looking in a specific direction with caution.

“Xi lu lu!”

Star, having just completed his six hours of training and coming out of the back door of the shop, stopped in his tracks, a hint of surprise in his eyes.

Who is this?

“Doggy!” Liu Gu patted the Wind Lion Dog’s head, apologized to Star with a smile, “Sorry, the dog just came back from outside the city, it has experienced a lot of battles and has not fully relaxed yet.” @@novelbin@@

“Woof-”

Under the reminder of the Beast Master, the Wind Lion Dog also realized that its nerves were too tense, immediately de-escalated from the combat state and apologized to Star with a woof.

After the misunderstanding was solved, Liu Gu took a careful look at this majestic horse standing four meters tall, his eyes lighting up.

Such a handsome pet beast! It must be awesome to ride on it, right?

“You are the pet beast fostered by Boss Xu?” Liu guessed.

“Xi Lu Lu~”

Star neighed and shook his head.

“Then you are…” Before Liu Gu could continue guessing, he saw Ziyun leisurely walking out from behind Star, his eyes widening in surprise.

Isn’t that Boss Xu’s pet? Has it advanced to the Elite Stage?!

Just a few days ago, didn’t Boss Xu participate in the New Beast Master Challenge Match, that only Transcendent Level Beast Masters can participate in?

He should have only left the city for a week, right?

“Meow?” (Is that you guys!)

Tilting his head to look at Liu Gu and the Wind Lion Dog he hadn’t seen for a week, Ziyun turned around and began introducing the shop’s oldest customer to the puzzling Star.

Looking at Ziyun and Star who were quite familiar with each other, a thought flashed through Liu Gu’s mind.

Could this black horse-type pet beast be Boss Xu’s second pet?

“Sea Wave Flower has been washed, it’s the Wind Lion Dog’s turn…”

The door of the grooming room just happened to open at this moment, Xu Ran, holding the Sea Wave Flower in his hands, glanced around the shop and blinked.

“Is it the Wind Lion Dog’s turn for grooming?”