Chapter 138 - 104 Ziyun In Debt_L

Chapter 138: Chapter 104 Ziyun in Debt_l

Translator: 549690339 I @@novelbin@@

“Meow…”

After negotiating with Star, Ziyun finally wept the tears of poverty.

As the further development of Electric Pursue and Battle Instinct to three stars via skill fusion was needed, and there was an enormous demand for the skill fusion stone, Ziyun took all eight of them.

Additionally, in order to elevate his skills to the Waning Moon Level as quickly as possible, Ziyun borrowed all the Physical Points and Energy Abundant Potions.

For skill fusion, appropriate skills need to be exchanged using skill fragments, so Ziyun took all the available skill fragments as well.

Moreover, Ziyun also had to move up 950 Beast Master Points in advance to exchange for the resources required for evolution.

Adding up the 500 Value Points spent on the King Species Evolution Route, Ziyun spent a total of 3230 Value Points on evolution.

Not only did he spend all the newly acquired Value Points, but Ziyun also borrowed 959 Value Points from Star, promising to lend out unconditionally the Value Points Star would need for his evolution.

He was suddenly impoverished and even in massive debt.

What was left for Star were the two-star Insightful Eye skill and 812 physical points which were not so urgently needed by Ziyun.

Only after the two Pet Beasts independently completed the loan of Value Points and resource allocation, Xu Ran joked, “Star, don’t forget the Value Points that Ziyun owes you.”

“Xi Lu Lu!” (I won’t forget!)

Star nodded seriously.

He decided to return to the place where he usually rested underground tonight, and carve this number on the ground with his hoof so he could look at it every day.

959 Value Points, which could almost be exchanged for two King Species Evolution Routes, could be exchanged for 19 bottles of Energy Abundant Potion, a fortune indeed!

When elder sister returns her Value Points, these Skill Points could certainly be used to exchange for many things!

Ziyun, however, appeared more distressed.

Borrowing money might bring momentary relief, but the following repayment can be tormenting.

Forget it, let’s think about something happy.

For instance… let’s use the resources at hand first!

“Meow!” (Skill fusion!)

Ziyun’s eyes sparkled and he looked at Xu Ran.

It wasn’t until Xu Ran told him about the existence of the skill fusion stone that he discovered the enjoyment of skill fusion he had been experiencing all along.

With 62 Skill Fragments, a Two Stars Skill could be exchanged again. According to the fusion rule from before, fusing Electric Pursue with another two-star skill would most likely yield a second three-star skill, furthering Ziyun’s evolution!

For the previous fusion, Xu Ran said it took as many as six skill fusion stones. Hopefully, this time the luck would be better and fewer stones would be required.

A poor child has to live thriftily; it’s not easy!

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, then opened the recycling function and began to search the exchange lists of two-star Thunder Attribute skills and two-star universal skills.

With the experience from last time, this search was much smoother. Before long, Xu Ran found the two-star skill ‘Shadow Return’, which had the highest fusion success rate with Electric Pursue among its universal skills.

This two-star skill was quite interesting. The enhancement in speed was limited, but it would leave an afterimage in the trajectory while moving forward.

Without external intervention, the afterimage could stay for a while. As long as the afterimage was present, the caster could return to any afterimage position at any time.

As long as you are familiar with the mechanism of this skill, it is relatively simple to restrain, by shattering the afterimage, you can prevent the caster from returning to their original position.

However, it is undeniable; it was indeed fun.

Even Xu Ran is somewhat anticipating the effect generated after its fusion with Electric Pursue now.

[★★Shadow Return] + [★★Electric Pursue]

[Fusion success rate: 6.7%]

[Do you wish to fuse them?]

[Yes] [No]

Let’s see, how fortunate could he be this time!

Xu Ran unhesitatingly selected [Yes].

Once…twice…huh?!

Seeing the “Fusion Success” words that appeared before his eyes, Xu Ran fell into contemplation.

Could he actually have gotten lucky this time?

Was it because Lucky Liu had just left shortly ago, and the aura of Lucky Fish was still present in the shop?

Forget it, no matter what, let’s check out what it is first.

Xu Ran immediately opened Ziyun’s panel.

Electric Pursue had disappeared and a new skill had replaced it.

[★★★Step on Electric Traces (Starlight Level)] (258/500H+]

Three stars skill, Step on Electric Traces!

“Meow?” (How many skill fusion stones were used?)

Ziyun’s voice was filled with surprise.

Along with the vast influx of memories, it clearly knew that it had obtained a whole new skill called Step on Electric Traces.

Just like when Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound appeared previously, an instinctive sense of joy and relief indicated to Ziyun that this new skill was indeed a three-star skill as expected.

He was one step closer to evolution!

“We were very lucky this time and only used two skill fusion stones.” Xu Ran smiled, “There are still six left, but we’re running short on skill fragments.”

The Battle Instinct skill was the fusion of two one-star skills and was therefore considered an ordinary two-star skill.

To make it reach three stars, it needs two two-star skills.

Either would have to hope for a suitable skill from subsequent Washing and Protection, or would have to accumulate 80 skill fragments to exchange for two two-star skills.

If the latter, it would require some waiting time.

“Meow!” (Good!)

There was a joyous look on Ziyun’s face..