Chapter 141 - 105 The Whereabouts Of Power Bone

Chapter 141: Chapter 105 The whereabouts of Power Bone

Dust 2

Translator: 549690339 |

“It’s you!” The boy must have recognized Xu Ran through the footage of the New Beast Master Challenge. He stepped back, “Swindler!”

“That was a complete misunderstanding.” Xu Ran said with sincerity, “I’m just an honest businessman.”

“But that’s what the forum says about you,” The boy looked at Xu Ran with suspicion. He glanced at the Ziyun and the Starlight behind Xu Ran, first showing surprise, and then a bit of confusion.

“How did you know that Senior Lyu Guang’s contract power had just broken through to the second stage?”

Xu Ran: “…Huh?”

I had no idea?

“Phew-”

In a quiet room of the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion, Lyu Guang slowly opened his eyes.

A faint yellow halo flashed across his eyes and disappeared.

Looking at the Brawl Bear Apprentice sitting cross-legged in front of him, its body was several times larger than before, and its muscular figure was full of power, a smile appeared on Lyu Guang’s face, “We finally broke through.”

“Ha!”

The Brawl Bear Apprentice nodded earnestly, swung its fists twice in the air, and enjoying the strong power that was far greater than before, its expression became excited.

Now, it could easily crush the Dark Scale Dragon!

Indeed, the words of the Beast Master were right, one should not care about temporary victories or losses. As long as the power level crushes the opponent, any enemy could be easily dealt with!

“All right, now we’re going to welcome a new partner.” Lyu Guang’s voice carried a hint of anticipation.

Contracted with his second pet beast, with two elite level pet beasts, his strength would reach a new high. The other three who were competing with him would be effortlessly stepped on by him!

As the heir to the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion, Lyu Guang naturally had extra resources to nurture his second pet beast in advance. Even before the contract, the second pet beast had already reached the full-skilled Starlight Level and successfully broken through to the Elite Stage.

Hence, all he needed was to make a contract, and he would immediately reach his peak strength!

“Come on, Vigorously Beetle!” Lyu Guang gave a low shout, and the partition door of the quiet room was opened. A bug-like pet beast that looked like a Single Horn, but stood upright on two legs, its four claws exceptionally muscular, and the height of a person, walked slowly into the quiet room.

It was a Fighting Attribute pet beast, Vigorously Beetle.

“Hiss-”

It had been in harmony with Lyu Guang and the Brawl Bear Apprentice for a long time. There was no resistance in the contract ceremony, and it easily made the contract with Lyu Guang.

Feeling the feedback from the Vigorously Beetle which came with the contract, a bright smile appeared on Lyu Guang’s face.

Now, even if he didn’t let his pet beasts take action, relying solely on his own power, he should be able to beat the Transcendent Stage pet beasts, right?

Indeed, there was no comparison between the Elite Stage and the Transcendent Stage!

“Let’s go, it’s time to share the good news of the breakthrough with everyone in the martial arts pavilion.” Lyu Guang, with a relaxed smile, opened the door of the quiet room and walked out with the two pet beasts.

“Bad news! Bad news! Brother Lyu Guang! The swindler has come to confront you!” @@novelbin@@

Huh?

Seeing the anxious A Ji, who usually adored him, Lyu Guang’s smile stiffened slightly.

A swindler? What does he mean by confronting us?

“Senior, that little brother A Ji really misunderstood me.” In the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion’s reception room, Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, “I didn’t know that Brother Lyu Guang was going to break through today, otherwise, I would have chosen to visit another day.”

“Come, have some tea first.” Lyu Hong, the current master of the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion, wearing a loose robe, laughed and handed Xu Ran a cup of tea, “I watched the previous challenge match too, your strength is impressive. It certainly gave Lyu Guang a wake-up call.” “Unexpectedly, your contract power has also advanced to the second stage.” After taking a look at the two pet beasts behind Xu Ran, Lyu Hong laughs, “It seems you were not far from a breakthrough when you participated in the competition.”

“I suppose so,” said Xu Ran with an awkward smile.

He didn’t know how things had somehow developed into this situation.

The young A Ji who answered the door didn’t listen to his explanation at all. He insisted that Xu Ran knew in advance that Lyu Guang was going to break through, so he came to challenge him.

Challenging the heir of a martial arts pavilion is not a simple matter for the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion.

From a broader perspective, this is called a Challenge Match.

Following A Ji’s outburst, Lyu Hong, who was at the martial arts pavilion, appeared swiftly. He first invited Xu Ran to the guest room, then asked A Ji to inform Lyu Guang in his meditation room to come over the moment he achieved his breakthrough.

“You just said that you didn’t know Lyu Guang was going to break through today, it was a coincidence.” Lyu Hong lightly sipped his tea and chuckled, “A Ji is young and excitable, he probably misunderstood things.”

“Yes, it was a misunderstanding.” Xu Ran nodded quickly, feeling relieved.

Ziyun and Star behind him showed innocent faces.

After all, there was a terrifying Leadership stage Combat Bear sitting behind

Lyu Hong.

If he were to think that they came to challenge, it wouldn’t be easy to leave the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion.

“So, what brings you here, young master Xu?” Lyu Hong began with a friendly tone. Even though he had a sturdy figure, he gave off a warm impression when he smiled.

“Actually, I came to…” Xu Ran was about to say he was only visiting Lyu Guang, but seeing as the owner of the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion was already in front of him, there seemed to be no need for such an excuse.

He paused, deciding to be straight forward, “I was hoping to obtain some Power Bone Dust from here, and I’m willing to offer an above-market price.”

“Whoosh ”

The atmosphere in the guest room turned stale as if a cold wind had just swept through.

“Oh?” Lyu Hong’s smile faded slightly as he looked at Xu Ran, “Where did you hear that we of the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion have Power Bone Dust?” “I heard about it on the Beast Master Forum.” Xu Ran admitted honestly, “I wasn’t sure whether it was true or not, I just came to try my luck.”

“I see.” Lyu Hong nodded slightly.

The atmosphere in the guest room warmed up again.

Lyu Hong slowly sipped his tea, never mentioning the Power Bone Dust. “Xu Ran, are you here to challenge me?” A familiar voice called out from the entrance. Lyu Guang, full of fighting spirit, strode into the room. From his junior brother A Ji, Lyu Guang learned that Xu Ran had also advanced to the Second Stage Contract Power and contracted a second pet beast. Now, Xu Ran was visiting him, presumably challenging him.

Far from being intimidated, he was filled with an eager desire to fight.

This was his chance for redemption!

Although he had never fought Xu Ran before, Xu Ran had defeated Gu Ling, who had defeated him.

Therefore, defeating Xu Ran was, more or less, the same as defeating Gu Ling of the Same Stage.

He was so confident because his Combat Bear Apprentice had stayed at the perfect state of the Transcendent Stage for a full year.

When a pet beast is about to advance, staying at the perfect state of the previous growth stage might not increase their power, but their energy will accumulate and explode during the breakthrough.

The full year of accumulation brought the Combat Bear Apprentice to an appreciable level of power just entering the elite stage.

This time, he will not lose!

“Uh, you misunderstood…” Seeing A Ji, who was peeping from behind Lyu Guang at the door, Xu Ran’s lips twitched a little.

All because of this kid’s nonsensical assertions!

“Actually, the reason I’m here is…” Xu Ran was about to explain his purpose when Lyu Hong, who had been silent all this time, unexpectedly interrupted him.

“Indeed, young master Xu came here to contest with you,” Lyu Hong put down his tea cup slowly, looking at Lyu Guang with a burning gaze, “As the one who only got third place in the Challenge Match, do you dare to accept?”

“I dare!!!” Lyu Guang clenched his fists, his eyes burning with the fire of fighting spirit. He stood up straight like a javelin and shouted, “We, the people of the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion, never admit defeat, we are always ready to fight!”

“Good!” Lyu Hong laughed heartily, with an expression of gratification on his face, “That’s my son!”

Seeing the impassioned Lyu Guang, Xu Ran’s lips twitched a little.

Wait… aren’t you two supposed to ask for my opinion before you start your pep talk?

Isn’t this a bit too rash?!

“Thump!”

Lyu Hong took out a small wooden box from his pocket and slammed it on the table, “This piece of Power Bone Dust will serve as the stake for your fight!”

“Deal!!!”

Xu Ran stood up abruptly, his voice even louder than Lyu Guang’s just now.

So what if it’s rash?

I just love how rash you are!