Chapter 142 - 106 A ’Meow’ Determines The

Chapter 142: Chapter 106 A ‘Meow’ Determines the

Universe!_l

Translator: 549690339

[Additional update 2/10 for the Silver Alliance Warm SunlJU]

“The battle is about to begin.”

At the center of the super large battle platform prepared for elites level pet beasts, Lyu Hong, who temporarily serves as the referee, stands with his hands behind his back, speaking aloud.

As a leadership level Beast Master, Lyu Hong has received substantial power feedback from pet beasts that boosts his personal strength to a level not inferior to elite level pet beasts. Without the need for any amplifying device, his muffled thunderous voice reaches everyone’s ears.

This “everyone” refers to Xu Ran and Lyu Guang, who are located on both sides of the arena and are about to confront each other, as well as the young men and women dressed in martial attire who are surrounding the battlefield.

The bamboo leaf symbol on their chests and the chants of “Go, Brother Lyu Guang!” make it clear that things are not as simple as they seem.

“Having a match away from home really is awkward.” Xu Ran shakes his head helplessly, then looks at Ziyun and Star on both sides of him, “We must win this battle.”

“Meow-” (We must win!)

Ziyun’s eyes show an unprecedented desire to fight. Even when it was facing the Dark Scale Dragon before, it didn’t have such a strong desire to win.

The stakes are high. The Power Bone Dust is on the line!

If it wins this battle, it can obtain a main evolution material without spending

a single value point!

It can prevent his already poor family from suffering an additional blow!

So, it must win this battle! It doesn’t matter who the opponent is! @@novelbin@@

“Xi Lu Lu!” (Cheer up!)

Star lets out a cry, a flame of battle intention flickers in his purple eyes.

What does its big sister getting a piece of resource for free mean?

It means it can borrow less money!

So for Star, winning this battle is also very important.

And what’s more…

Since signing a contract with Xu Ran, it has not yet experienced a real battle.

The previous race with the Frost Dust Wolf doesn t count.

So this is Star’s first battle after awakening as a Transcendent Being!

It must perform well!

“This battle, is a rule-free battle.” Lyu Hong’s eyes look at Xu Ran and Lyu Guang, and he speaks in a deep voice, “Beast Masters and all pet beasts can use any method to attack the opponent, but cannot use power that does not belong to themselves.”

“This has always been the rules of combat in the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion. Beast Masters have weaker physical bodies compared to pet beasts, but they should also strive to become stronger and not drag their pet beasts down!”

“Treat every battle as a real fight!”

“In a fight, the enemy will not spare you because the Beast Master is weak!” The words that follow are more of an explanation to Xu Ran. It’s not that these rules are designed to target him. It would be the same for anyone who comes.

But Lyu Hong did not notice that after hearing the rules, the eyes of Xu Ran and his two pet beasts were shining brighter and brighter.

Such a rule-free battle, excellent!

This implies that Star can make the most of its powers.

Who cares if it doesn’t have any attack skills? As long as it can enhance Ziyun to standing up against two opponents, they can still win this battle!

And Lyu Guang on the other side, certainly has no objections to these competition rules.

In the Martial Arts Pavilion, this is how he has been dueling since he was a child.

Furthermore, this rule of combat clearly works in favor of Lyu Guang, who has martial arts skills at his disposal.

“Countdown to five, the battle will officially begin.” Seeing that both of them have no objections, Lyu Hong nods slightly, and then his voice lengthens, “Five

At the same time as the countdown, a trace of thought appears in Lyu Hong’s

eyes.

He watched Lyu Guang’s miserable defeat in the New Beast Master Challenge Match.

Although Lyu Guang didn’t say much after the competition ended and he returned home, he wholeheartedly focused on meditation. His hope was to break through to the second stage of contract power as quickly as possible, thereby enhancing his strength.

But a father knows his son best, and Lyu Hong knew that Lyu Guang had been left with a burr in his heart from that battle.

The way to remove this burr was not to reach a higher level and leave behind former opponents, but to defeat the one who once defeated him on the same stage.

However, the girl who had defeated Lyu Guang was only a freshman high school student. It would probably take her several years to break through to the second stage of contract power.

just as Lyu Hong was secretly worried for his son, fearing that this burr would never be resolved and affect his son’s state of mind, Xu Ran appeared.

The fact that he defeated Gu Ling made him qualified to replace Gu Ling and become the key to unlock his son s burr.

So when Lyu Hong learned that Xu Ran had not come specifically to challenge Lyu Guang, his heart felt a bit disappointed. Just as he was thinking about how to make these two fight one another, Xu Ran revealed his intentions.

Power Bone Dust is a rather important resource for the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion.

However, in actual fact, this resource isn’t as scarce within the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion as it is outside.

This is because the ancestors of the Lyu family discovered a secret location outside the city that can continuously yield Power Bone Dust. Every generation of masters at the Martial Pavilion has the coordinates of this secret location.

Offering Power Bone Dust as a stake doesn’t mean much to Lyu Hong.

In his eyes, releasing his son’s burr is much more important than a mere piece of Power Bone Dust.

As for the possibility that Xu Ran winning would give his son a new burr, Lyu Hong had not considered it at all.

The reason is simple.

On one hand, Lyu Guang’s Brawl Bear Apprentice has been suppressing its power for over a year, and it will experience a surge in strength the moment it evolves. Xu Ran, who also recently broke through, surely could not compare in terms of his pet beast’s strength.

On the other hand, the Vigorous Beetle, Lyu Guang’s second pet beast who just completed his contract, was personally coached by Lyu Hong.

There is a difference in proficiency even within the Starlight Level. This Vigorous Beetle is not far from the Waning Moon Level with several skills, and its strength has already broken through the elite level early because it was not restricted by the contract..