Chapter 146 - 108: Got A Three Star Skilll L

Chapter 146: Chapter 108: Got a Three Star Skilll l

Translator: 549690339

“Well then, Boss Xu, I’m off!”

“Alright, remember to mention it to Elder Gu Wu when you see him, and ask him to bring his pet beast when he has time.” Standing at the door of the shop, Xu Ran watched as the departing woman and her pet beast left, a smile on his face.

“I will.” Gu Ling nodded, then glanced back at the Dark Scale Dragon following her.

In just six short hours, the development from training Dark Scale Dragon had astonishingly improved.

But…

“Roaaar-”

Looking at the Dark Scale Dragon, whose eyes were focused intently on it, occasionally shrugging as if trying to flap non-existent wings, a charming smile on its lips, and its voice slightly different, Gu Ling found it all puzzling.

Boss Xu’s training method was too eccentric.

Sighing softly, Gu Ling waved at Xu Ran before heading home with a satisfied-looking Dark Scale Dragon.

As the woman and her pet beast disappeared from view, a smile lit up on Xu Ran’s face.

The sky was growing dark, and he was done for the day.

Hopefully, after Gu Ling mentioned it to Elder Gu Wu, he would come sooner.

“Oh? After you took Dark Scale Dragon to Little Xu for grooming and training, it improved significantly?” Gu Wu asked, his face expressing surprise as he came out of the kitchen carrying a pot of soup.

“Yeah, it’s just that the method of training is a bit strange.” Gu Ling took a sniff; the aroma wafting in the air revealed that Old Gu had prepared Cordyceps Flower Chicken Soup today.

She wanted to eat!

“Hmm…” Gu Wu glanced at Dark Scale Dragon trailing behind Gu Ling, eyebrow lifted in amusement, “I can see, it is indeed weird.”

“Roar!”

A majestic dragon’s call came from outside, seemingly beckoning the Dark Scale Dragon to join it.

Dark Scale Dragon stood tall, its aloof expression implied in between its somewhat centrally placed eyes, the corners of its mouth curled up in an increasing smirk.

It shrugged its shoulder blades, as if trying to flap a pair of soaring wings. After a few unsuccessful attempts, it let out an unsatisfied growl.

“Roaaar!”

Watching Dark Scale Dragon strut dispassionately out of the room with an air of dominance, Gu Wu’s facial expression became more perturbed.

“Alright, it’s not just a bit weird.”

After Gu Wu’s voice faded, the sound of Dark Scale Dragon in panic followed from outside.

“Roar?!”

How dare you attack me, the mighty dragon?!

Then, the sounds of Dark Scale Dragon getting beaten up and crying out in pain.

“Hmm… well, we will continue with dinner.” Gu Wu stared at the door for a moment, returned to his seat, and served his daughter a bowl of chicken soup, “Here, try this. This old hen we got today is fantastic.”

“… Alright.” Gu Ling shot a sympathetic look out the door, then took a sip of the soup. The warm soup filled her mouth with an exquisite taste of freshness, naturally making her eyes close in delight.

“Also,” said Gu Ling after taking another sip of soup. “Boss Xu said that his shop now offers washing and protection services for super large pet beasts. You could take Big Black Dragon and the others there when you have time.” “Oh? He offers services for super large pet beasts now?” Gu Wu’s face showed surprise, “These services require a substantial amount of space. Did Little Xu expand his shop?”

“No…” Gu Ling ate a piece of chicken that slid off the bone with ease as she recalled the monstrous area she saw underground. “Although I did not visit the grooming room, I have an idea what’s happening.”

“Old pal Gu, do you remember the joint military arsenal in Xieyun City?”

“Of course,” Gu Wu nodded. “Being a second-level town, the pressure from Transcendent Beings in Xieyun City is much greater than in Qingzhou City. To resist these formidable wild Transcendent Beings, there are many Transcendent weapons in the city.”

“These weapons require several General Stage Pet Beasts to energize them and, because of their substantial size, a lot of money was spent on using space expansion technology to increase their storage security.”

“Why bring this up out of nowhere?” Gu Wu asked, tasting some soup. “You’re not suggesting that Boss Xu has such weapons in his shop, are you?”

“Not really,” Gu Ling shook her head. “But he has used space expansion techni…”

“Pffft! Cough, cough!” Gu Wu choked on his soup, wiped his mouth, and looked at Gu Ling in astonishment. “What? He used space expansion technology in his shop?”

“Yes,” Gu Ling nodded, looking quite amused. “Unless he excavated the entire underground of the surrounding area for pet beast fosterage.”

Gu Wu remained silent.

It wasn’t hard to figure out that it was impossible.

So, there could only be one truth!

Xu Ran indeed used space expansion technology in his foster shop.

“Sh..it,” Gu Wu put down his soup bowl. “I have to see this.”

“Hey, hey, hey!” Gu Ling rolled her eyes. “It’s late, Boss Xu’s shop has already closed.”

“Is that so…” Gu Wu picked up his soup again, “I’ll have some free time tomorrow. I think I’ll take the four of them for grooming.” @@novelbin@@

“Eat your soup first, eat your soup.”

Early the next morning, after feeding the pet beasts in the foster area, Xu Ran watched as Ziyun and Star started their new day of training. Then, yawning, he opened the shop door.

The moment he saw who was standing outside his shop, he was immediately awake..