Chapter 145 - 107 B Level Plucking Fur!_2

Chapter 145: Chapter 107 B Level Plucking Fur!_2

Translator: 549690339

“Roar!”

Upon hearing this, the Dark Scale Dragon instantly perked up.

Does this mean that now the grooming is more comfortable than before?

Yay!

It excitedly twitched its body, followed Xu Ran into the Grooming Room bobbing its head, leaving Gu Ling speechless in disbelief.

Look at your shameless self!

Soon, the exciting and sonorous roars of the Dark Scale Dragon echoed from the grooming room.

“Roar—”

“Ding dong ding dong- Grooming is complete!

Xu Ran hummed a little tune as he pushed open the door to the grooming room and presented the spanking new Dark Scale Dragon in front of Gu Ling.

-The effect of the upgraded grooming is really noticeable!” Surprise dawned on Gu Ling’s face as she spoke.

Even before this, Boss Xu’s grooming had been the best she had ever seen. However, this time, the improvement was clearly visible to the naked eye. How impressive was that?

Turning to look at Xu Ran, who had a broad smile on his face, Gu Ling blinked,

“Boss Xu, you seem to be in a good mood today?

“Indeed, there is some personal good news.” Xu Ran nodded.

Plucking Fur has levelled up!

[Plucking Fur (C-level)] (99/100)

111

[Plucking Fur (B-level)] (0/500)

Thanks to the grooming of an average of six or seven clients every day over this period of time, the experience points of Plucking Fur increased rapidly, and it finally levelled up to B level on Gu Ling.

The initial Plucking Fur of D-level could only get a one-star skill. After upgrading to C level, the probability of acquiring a one-star skill increased a lot, and it could also acquire a two-star skill. Going by this pattern…

Can Plucking Fur of B-level possibly get a three-star skill?!

Qingzhou City is a small place, and the pet beasts of ordinary customers are all of the Leader Species, possessing only two-star skills, but this isn’t absolute.

For example, the pet beast of Gu Wu, is a King Species.

With this in mind, Xu Ran felt a bit strange.

Grooming the pet beasts of Gu Wu was his act of repaying the kindness, and he originally didn’t intend to gain anything out of it.

But now, with Plucking Fur that has just been upgraded to B-level, it seems that he can acquire a three-star skill from Gu Wu’s pet beast?

Considering that in addition to raising the talent skills to three stars, Ziyun needs to master an additional three-star skill as an evolution condition, Xu Ran’s mood instantly improved.

He had earlier thought that he would let Ziyun master an additional three-star skill through teaching and fusion.

But if he could directly acquire a three-star skill through Plucking Fur and complete the teaching process?

That would save a lot of skill fusion stones and skill fragments!

in addition to Plucking Fur being upgraded to B level, there was another little surprise.

That was, Plucking Fur had yielded a good result this time.

And, it was somewhat extraordinary. @@novelbin@@

[★★Dragon Power] (Cannot be taught)

Xu Ran had a clear memory of this skill.

At the beginning, the Dark Scale Dragon used it to resist Ziyun’s Thunder Roar, which was a fusion of two two-star skills.

Gu Ling doesn’t have a system, and the Dark Scale Dragon definitely did not acquire this skill through fusion. It was naturally that powerful.

Skills that are inherently this strong, maybe they only require a two-star skill to be fused into a three-star one?

In addition, there was another point that Xu Ran paid particular attention to.

The skill Dragon Power was not a Dark Power skill.

As such, it should be considered a common skill.

But it didn’t quite match up with the common skills Xu Ran had in mind. Firstly, it couldn’t be taught to Ziyun or Star, it was in a non-teachable state. Secondly, and more importantly, Xu Ran, who had browsed through the two-star common skill exchange list several times, was very sure that Dragon Power was not on it.

Perhaps, in addition to the conventional classification method, there are some special skills that cannot be obtained through the system’s traditional methods?

Thinking of this, Xu Ran decided not to dismantle it.

Dragon Power, as a two-star skill, only breaks down into four skill fragments.

However, getting it again would require forty skill fragments, which can’t be exchanged for.

Even if it can’t be taught now, maybe a new Pet Beast can learn it in the future?

Worst-case scenario, keep it as a collector’s item!

“Congratulations then.” Hearing it was a private matter, Gu Ling didn’t pry any further, offering them congratulations with a smile, she then urged Xu Ran, “Boss Xu, please take me and Dark Scale Dragon to take a look at the training area!”

“Sure!” Xu Ran nodded with a smile.

Ziyun and Star, who had already used up their six hours of daily training time and could not enter the training area, were left to mind the shop on the first floor. Xu Ran, with Gu Ling and Dark Scale Dragon, came down through the back door.

On their way through the foster area, as expected, Gu Ling was a bit surprised. Upon really entering the training area, the surprise on her face grew even stronger.

“Such realistic training areas.” Gu Ling looked around. “This is amazing.” In the Second Level Town of Xieyun City, Gu Ling had seen training facilities built using transcendent power. These facilities were quite expensive and required the presence of Pet Beasts that were at the General stage and above to construct. Such things were simply not possible in a small place like Qingzhou City.

Therefore, after seeing the best foster shops and training places in Qingzhou City, she was not very satisfied with the training conditions here. It wouldn’t even compare to letting the Red-eyed Demon Dragon train the Dark Scale Dragon.

But the training area of the Starfire Foster Care Shop was as realistic as the best training places she had seen. Moreover, it was much larger to the point where she couldn’t see the end. It was almost indistinguishable from reality.

Feeling the strong Dark Power in the air, Gu Ling nodded continuously.

It seemed that the Dark Scale Dragon now had a place to train.

“Each Pet Beast can only enter the training area for six hours a day.” Xu Ran smiled, “Do you have a training plan?”

“Sure.” Gu Ling came back to her senses, nodding her head.

She had quite a comprehensive plan for training the Dark Scale Dragon. She said, “Today we’ll train for six hours, focusing on the Dark Elemental Pearl and Dragon Power.”

“Sure.” Xu Ran nodded, his mind moving as the system gave the corresponding training guide for these two skills.

This was a good opportunity to learn more about Dragon Power.

Massive amounts of knowledge flooded into his mind. Xu Ran quickly glanced at the information related to Dark Elemental Pearl and focused on the many scenes of Dragon Power being used.

In the scenes, one Pet Beast after another used Dragon Power to subdue enemies, the formidable aura was almost seeping out of the scenes.

But…

All these Pet Beasts seemed to be Dragon Beasts.

Does this mean that to teach this skill, he also needs to have a contract with a Dragon Beast?

Xu Ran raised an eyebrow.

That is definitely a possibility.

The Dragon is a symbol of strength, and as far as he knew, there didn’t seem to be a single weak dragon species.

When he contracts with a new Pet Beast in the future, he can definitely consider contracting with a Dragon Beast.

Thinking positively, maybe the Beast Egg that was quietly incubating on the bedside table on the second floor is a dragon?

Pulling his fleeting thoughts back, Xu Ran looked at the excited Dark Scale Dragon, “Wait a moment.”

He turned around and moved a dragon-shaped sculpture out of the training equipment warehouse.

“Let’s train Dragon Power first.” Xu Ran fixed the statue in front of the Dark Scale Dragon, “Look at it and imagine yourself as it.”

Gu Ling:”???”

Looking at the draconic statue that looked completely different from the Dark Scale Dragon yet had an overwhelming presence, Gu Ling couldn’t hide her confusion.

Is this how you train Dragon Power?

However, considering that Boss Xu’s methods were always profound and Su Xiaoxiao’s personal experience had proven the effectiveness of the training, Gu Ling chose to observe first.

The Dark Scale Dragon, on the other hand, chose to believe what Xu Ran said. This man had just given it great pleasure, so his words must be credible!

It stared intently at the unfamiliar dragon-shaped statue in front of it, imaging it possessed powerful dragon wings like the statue, that a minor flap of its wings would allow it to soar in the sky.

The more it imagined, the more engrossed it became. Its eyes started to lose focus and the pupils began to converge towards the center, until…

It was cross-eyed.

Gu Ling:”???”

Looking at the increasingly strange Dark Scale Dragon, she had a feeling something was off.

Just as she was about to come forward and disrupt the Dark Scale Dragon’s strange posture, Gu Ling abruptly stopped in her tracks.

A seemingly non-existent but powerful suppression began to radiate from the Dark Scale Dragon. It was visibly growing stronger at an astonishing rate.

That is…

Dragon Power!