Chapter 148 - 109 Ziyun Accumulates More Debt_L

Chapter 148: Chapter 109 Ziyun Accumulates More Debt_l

Translator: 549690339 |

[Adding 3/10 extra updates for Silver League Warm Sun 1314]

“Little Xu, you’ve worked hard.”

Gu Wu patted Xu Ran’s shoulder, a look of emotion on his face.

Although the grooming process appeared rather odd, there was undoubtedly no questioning the effectiveness of Xu Ran’s grooming approach. He had never seen his four pet beasts in such a magnificent state before, their mental state had clearly been enhanced as a result of the grooming.

What was more, this busy day of grooming had not earned the young man in front of him a single penny.

Although it was Xu Ran fulfilling his gratitude for saving their lives, how could Gu Wu take advantage of such a young man?

“I heard from Ling’er that you’ve started offering sparring services?” Gu Wu said with a chuckle. “I’m quite interested in this. Take me to have a look.” Sparring?

Xu Ran was struck with an idea, his eyes lighting up.

For sparring at the General stage, one does not charge money, but points!

The auxiliary evolution resources for Ziyun lacked no points for exchange. Just one hour of sparring would be enough!

“Alright, please, follow me,” Xu Ran led Gu Wu out of the grooming room, immediately spotting Ziyun and Star, who were curiously eyeing the store.

The two pet beasts had already completed their six hours of training during Xu Ran’s grooming session. After learning what had happened through their contract bond, they had stayed outside the grooming room.

“This is your second pet, right?” Gu Wu couldn’t resist paying Star a little more attention. “It seems to be well-bred, but why is the breed unfamiliar again?”

“Ah haha… Maybe I’m just lucky,” Xu Ran joked, pointing to the back door, “Senior Gu, let’s go this way.”

“Alright,” Gu Wu shot him a fleeting glance, keeping his thoughts to himself. Lucky?

He doubts it.

After witnessing space expansion technology in this ordinary foster shop, this seemingly normal boy also became somewhat mysterious in his eyes.

Gu Wu had no interest in probing into others’ experiences. Since Xu Ran wanted to put it that way, he chose to believe it. He followed Xu Ran through the back door and quickly entered the underground elevator.

“Senior Gu, which of your pet beasts needs training?” Before pressing the attribute symbol button, Xu Ran asked.

“The Red-eyed Demon Dragon.” Gu Wu hesitated, the sight of the foster area completely shattered his previous perceptions, causing his original plan to change. “The Red-eyed Demon Dragon first, the other three also need to train.” “Alright,” Xu Ran nodded, then pressed the symbol for the Dark attribute. @@novelbin@@

After a moment of weightlessness, Gu Wu’s eyes reflected a sense of “it’s as expected,” as he gazed at the tranquil night outside the elevator.

He initially thought he was giving points to Xu Ran as compensation for the exhausting grooming process.

Now it seemed that handing over these points was more to his benefit.

“Let’s stop here.”

“Okay, Senior Gu, take care!” Xu Ran watched as Gu Wu prepared to leave, his smile radiant. “We look forward to seeing you again.”

“Sure.” Gu Wu nodded. “All four of them are very satisfied with the training environment.”

In a small place like Qingzhou City, it’s not easy to find a place that is suitable for General Stage pet beasts to train.

A charge of 266 points per hour is a fortune to lower level Beast Masters, but to those at the General stage, the price is only slightly steep.

Worst comes to worst, they could just go out of the city and hunt a few more Transcendent Beings.

Watching Gu Wu’s departing figure, Xu Ran was equally satisfied.

Although the skill points he gained from training the General stage pet beasts did not increase, he only received 40 points. But the sparring with four General Stage pet beasts brought him an inflow of 1064 Beast Master Points.

The points needed for Ziyun’s evolution resources were sufficient all at once. The remaining points could even arrange a complete set of evolution resources for Star…

Oh, he forgot that Star hadn’t received its Evolution Path yet. Let’s save it for him first.

This was only a beginning, Gu Wu would bring his pet beasts for training in the future, which means, Xu Ran’s demand for Beast Master Points was thoroughly satisfied.

Although the resources needed for subsequent evolution would be more expensive, and the points far beyond what he has now, but at least at this stage of evolving from Leader Species to King Species, he no longer had to worry about the resources that can be exchanged with points.

Back in the shop, Xu Ran looked at the two little ones curiously and smiled slightly.

He closed the door and took out the little blackboard.

The last tally was just yesterday, there shouldn’t be a need to tally so frequently, but today’s yield was enormous, especially the three-star skill he just got. The earlier he could teach it to Ziyun, the earlier he could start to increase his proficiency.

Once the flexible distribution method was determined, the resources that had not yet been counted and distributed could not be used freely. Every time they were used, it was from the previously allocated resources. The use of new resources needed to wait until the next tally and distribution.

This rule was approved by Ziyun and Star, and for future contracted members, a supplementary plan was added.

Before contracting each new member, there would be a tally, distributing all the resources obtained to the existing members. The distribution of resources to new members would start after the contract.

The expressions of the two pet beasts watching Xu Ran take out the small blackboard again were bewildered, until he slowly wrote on the blackboard:

“Physical points: 154 points (undistributed)”

“Skill points: 210 points (Ziyun) + 100 points (undistributed)”

“Teachable Skills: ★★ Insightful Eye (Star), ★★★ Annihilatory Thunder Palm (undistributed)”

“Skill Fragments: 22 pieces (Ziyun) + 5 pieces (undistributed)’