Chapter 140 - 105 The Whereabouts Of Power Bone

Chapter 140: Chapter 105 The Whereabouts of Power Bone

Dust__l

Translator: 549690339

“Star is here? How does the increased power feel?”

Seeing Star hastening towards him, Xu Ran asked with a smile.

“Xi Lu lu!” (Very good!)

Star nodded seriously.

After the upgrade, its strength increased by almost two-fold, all skill operations were more effortless, and the speed after the Night Song was also noticeably faster!

If it had attack skills, the feeling would be even more apparent.

“As long as you’re satisfied.” Xu Ran nodded, “The experiment with Ziyun’s new skill has ended. The effect of the Step on Electric Traces skill is efficient. It is indeed a three-star skill.

“Next, I’ll go upstairs to continue with the shop business, and you two….” just as Xu Ran was about to tell the two pet beasts to entertain themselves, a call arrived unexpectedly and interrupted him.

After picking up the phone, the straightforward speech on the other end made his expression serious.

“You need Power Bone Dust?”

“I can provide a clue, but I need a clue fee of fifty thousand.”

To make it easier for Beast Masters who had clues or were selling resources to find him, Xu Ran had left his contact information in the post.

He didn’t expect there to be a lead so quickly.

“Sure, no problem, come to the Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

Once he received the reply that the other party would arrive in a few minutes, Xu Ran hung up the phone and looked at the two little ones, “You both come with me, it seems like we have a clue on Power Bone Dust.”

It is necessary to be wary of others; he was still unsure about the origins of the visitor, and he felt safer with the two pet beasts by his side.

“Meow?”(Already got a clue?!)

A look of surprise crossed Ziyun’s face.

Power Bone Dust, it’s one of the main materials for evolution!

“Xi Lu lu!” (No problem!)

Star neighed. For his elder sister’s evolution, it also wanted to contribute. After all, once big sister evolves successfully, she could start paying back her debts sooner!

The one person and two pets went back upstairs; not long after opening the shop door, a man wearing a mask and sunglasses strode into the shop.

-Are you the one providing the clue?” Seeing the visitor appearing mysteriously, Xu Ran stood up.

“Yes, that’s me.” The man lowered his voice and nodded, “I have a clue on

Power Bone Dust.”

He glanced at the cautious Star and Ziyun and then softened his voice a bit, “To show my sincerity, I can tell you the clue first, but you must pay me.” “NO problem.” Xu Ran gave Star and Ziyun a look, then gestured for the man to continue.

“Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion possesses a secret formula to foster combat-system pet beasts. This formula offers significant help to combat-system pet beasts.” The man’s voice lowered slightly, “One of the materials in this secret formula is Power Bone Dust.”

“So, Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion has a special way of getting Power Bone Dust and should still have stock of this resource.”

A resource of the secret formula…

Xu Ran’s face grew thoughtful.

Now he understood why the man in front of him was acting so secretive.

This matter involved a part of the secrets of Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion.

The man was probably worried about causing trouble if Bamboo Leaf Martia Arts Pavilion found out about it.

Speaking of which… why does the name Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion sound familiar?

A figure wearing the same headband as a pet beast suddenly surfaced in Xu Ran’s mind.

Oh, I remember.

Wasn’t Lyu Guang from the previous Challenge Match the heir of Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion?

I’ve had dealings with him before. I can use that as an excuse to pay a visit to them.

This plan is feasible!

“Um, my clue fee.” The man became somewhat anxious when Xu Ran had not responded after he’d given the clue.

“Sorry, I was just thinking.” Xu Ran stared attentively at the man, then slowly said after a few seconds, “I hope there’s no problem with your clue. Otherwise, won’t be easily convinced to pay you.”

After a slightly threatening comment, Xu Ran scanned the code and sent fifty thousand to the man.

Power Bone Dust is so cherished. Paying a clue fee of fifty thousand is quite reasonable.

“Don’t worry, the clue is absolutely true.” After getting the money, the man breathed a sigh of relief. He left without saying another word, exiting the Starfire Foster Care Shop. @@novelbin@@

“You both heard it.” Once the man was gone, Xu Ran turned to the two pet beasts looking forward to seeing him, “It looks like we’ll have to temporarily close the shop.”

“We’re going to the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion now.”

“24 Donghua Road… We’re here!”

Seeing the ancient style of the shop in front of him with the words “Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion” written on the signboard, and the bamboo grove visible within taller than the surrounding wall, Xu Ran dismounted from Star’s back.

“Meow-” (Is this the place?)

Ziyun lightly landed from Star’s back and stared at the half-open door of the martial arts pavilion, feeling the urge to charge in.

-I’ll go first to ask.” Xu Ran patted Ziyun’s head to soothe her restlessness, then quickened his pace to the entrance of the martial arts pavilion. After spotting figures moving inside through the half-opened door, he gently knocked on the door.

“Creak-”

The door was quickly opened from inside, and a youth in a martial arts uniform with short hair briskly walked out. A familiar beast, Combat Bear Apprentice, followed him.

This beast and human duo weren’t wearing identical headbands like Lyu Guang, but they both had similar wrist guards on their wrists.

This really is the tradition of Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion…

Xu Ran muttered a complaint in his heart, then brightened his smile, “Hello, I am here to find Lyu Guang.. Is he here?