Chapter 143 - 106 A "Meow" Decides The

Chapter 143: Chapter 106 A “Meow” Decides the

Universel_2

Translator: 549690339

It was even stronger than the Brawl Bear Apprentice.

Although Xu Ran also had a second pet beast of elite level, Lyu Hong could tell at a glance that the horse-type pet beast was newly advanced to the elite level.

Therefore, there was no reason why his son should lose this fight.

In Lyu Hong’s thoughts, the countdown was already nearing its end.

“One ”

“Begin!”

As Lyu Hong’s voice echoed, the two opponents both started to move.

“Go! Brawl Bear Apprentice, Vigorously Beetle!”

Lyu Guang bellowed, his legs suddenly exerting power as he charged swiftly towards Xu Ran.

His strength, rivaling that of a transcendent stage pet beast, pushed his speed beyond normal human limits. The wind whipped up by his running and the billowing of his clothes made for a breathtaking spectacle.

What was faster than Lyu Guang, however, were his two pet beasts.

The Brawl Bear Apprentice, despite its substantially larger body, displayed agility that defied its size. Its claws, capable of smashing rocks, were held behind its back as it surged forward, its alternating action of kicking off the ground almost creating after-images.

Two stars Skill, Starlight Level – Free Step!

A two stars skill employed by an elite level bear showed way more strength than an ordinary transcendent stage bear, not only increasing speed but also displaying an evasive finesse.

Despite its apparent full-out run, it left no doubt in anyone’s mind that the bear could easily dodge any attack that came its way, thanks to its body’s flexibility.

The Brawl Bear Apprentice, in comparison to the freshly contracted Vigorously Beetle of Lyu Guang, was a tad slower.

The hardy beetle, almost the size of a man, with each step would leave deep indentations on the combat stand, which was so sturdy that even an ordinary elite pet beast had difficulty damaging it. Each step caused the beetle to disappear, only to reappear tens of meters ahead.

Two stars skill, Starlight Level – Blink Step!

This skill, acknowledged as the fastest among two stars fighting skills, seemed effortless when executed by the Vigorously Beetle.

Had it not been necessary to keep pace with the Brawl Bear Apprentice to maintain coordination, it could possibly go even faster!

While closing rapidly with Xu Ran and his two beasts, the Brawl Bear Apprentice and the Vigorously Beetle unleashed the full might of their elite level status, bearing down on Xu Ran.

The several hundred-meter battlefield could not dispel the fierce determination to fight radiating from the two beasts!

“They really are formidable…”

Watching the menacing arrival of the two beasts, Xu Ran clicked his tongue before quickly jumping onto the wide back of Star. “Well then, let’s get serious too!”

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star emitted a war cry brimming with fighting spirit, and as it raised its front hooves, a purple energy quickly gathered on its back to form a saddle beneath Xu Ran’s crotch. At the same time, a pair of reins made of condensed energy hung in the air, awaiting Xu Ran’s hands to grip them firmly.

“Boom!!!”

As Xu Ran firmly gripped the reins without hesitation, the power of Star intertwined with Xu Ran’s own power in an instant to form an even greater power!

Two stars Skill, Starlight Level – Star Chain!

As Xu Ran had initially anticipated, with Star’s advancement, the Star Chain that linked the one person and one pet wasn’t just augmenting Star with Xu Ran’s power, but quite the contrary, adding to Xu Ran with Star’s power!

Feeling the immense power pouring into his body, Xu Ran let out an exhilarating roar.

“Fight!!!”

“Ding???? ”

Star’s raised hooves landed heavily on the ground. Wrapped in its most powerful state due to having completed the Star Chain, it rippled a dark wave through the earth beneath it.

That ripple passed through Ziyun, who was close at hand, transforming instantly into a dark light film that enveloped her, not interfering with her combat in the slightest.

Ziyun’s momentum soared in that moment!

Two stars Skill, Starlight Level – Twilight Watch!

There was a time when Star, still at the transcendental stage and using the Stardust Level Twilight Watch, could visibly enhance the strength of the elite leveled Ziyun.

The Star of today had already gone beyond the Transcendent Stage!

Twilight Watch had even advanced to the Starlight Level!

Under this enhancement, Ziyun’s might almost increased by fifty percent in an instant, reaching a level that caused both the incoming Brawl Bear Apprentice and Vigorously Beetle to flinch in surprise!

“What?!” Lyu Guang’s pupils dilated sharply, his face manifesting disbelief.

What was happening?!

Originally, Xu Ran’s pet beast was clearly a notch weaker than his two beasts. Why had it gained so much strength in just a blink of an eye?!

Why is it that Xu Ran, sitting on the back of another pet beast, seemed to have his aura and the pet beast’s aura merged into one?!

Displaying the same serious expression was Lyu Hong who retreated to the side of the competition field.

He instantly recognized that the pet beast ridden by Xu Ran was an extremely rare auxiliary type pet beast, and that’s why it could enhance another pet beast, making its momentum surpass his carefully trained two pet beasts.

However, such an auxiliary type pet beast usually does not have attack type skills.

Therefore, the pet beast augmented by Xu Ran needed to face two opponents simultaneously.

One-on-one, his two pet beasts might indeed not necessarily be its opponents.

But two against one…

“It’s not good enough.” Lyu Hong murmured under his breath, his expression still confident.

The ultimate victory in this battle would definitely be Lyu Guang’s!

Just as Lyu Hong had this thought, Xu Ran, who was in the field holding the reins and riding on Star, suddenly let out a loud shout.

“Ziyun!”

Holding the reins in one hand, he pointed in the direction of Lyu Guang’s two pet beasts.

“You’ve been enhanced! Defeat them!”

“Zzz-la?? ■”

In response to him was Ziyun, whose momentum ascended to the peak, and the terrifying electric light that suddenly burst around her!

The purple halo quietly rose to every part of her body, under her strong body that was almost completely energized, was an awful power like a potential flood about to burst.

Electric arcs danced and wriggled over the ground under Ziyun’s feet, occasionally piercing through the air, like a purple thunder snake wildly dancing in the void.

In just a blink, Ziyun appeared in between the two pet beasts, leaving only an illusion formed by the gathering of thunder and lightning in place.

Then, before the Brawl Bear Apprentice and Vigorously Beetle could react, a voice full of authority fell like divine words from the sky.

“Meow-”

Purple lightning appeared out of nowhere, instantly encompassing everything within a hundred meters of Ziyun!

Tiny arcs of electricity gathered, gathering even more, until finally twisted together in the void, transforming into a terrifying thunderstorm that covered everything in sight.

The disciples from Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion who were watching the battle all lost their voices, staring wide-eyed and tongue-tied at this terrifying scene.

Lyu Hong’s expression changed instantly, displaying disbelief.

What is… this?!

Is it a two stars skill at Waning Moon Level?

No! Even a two stars skill at Waning Moon Level would hardly have such terrifying power.

Could it be three…

No! Absolutely impossible!

Looking at the sea of thunder occupying his vision, Lyu Hong’s expression changed continuously, and in the end, only one voice echoed in his mind.

How is it possible?!

“Zzz—la—”

The purple sea of thunder dissipated, the air was still filled with a strong burnt smell, occasionally an electric arc passing by in the void, the ground was even filled with tiny electric arcs continuously hopping.

Two blackened figures hardly recognizable were lying on the ground, having completely lost their combat capabilities and consciousness in the blow just now.

Within the sea of thunder, Ziyun could no longer be seen.

“Meow-” (The Power Bone Dust is mine!)

The thunder and lightning illusion frozen in place suddenly began to move as if it had come alive, its elemental body gradually returned to its original form, Ziyun sitting on the ground, licked her paw, her demeanor was graceful and composed.

One strike!

With just one strike, two pet beasts of the same level were down.

Lyu Guang, who was a step too slow, sat helplessly on the ground, clutching his chest in pain, showing an expression of utter despair, he was deliberately spared by Ziyun and hence was not swept into the sea of thunder.

This time, the blow he received was even greater than when the Dark Scale Dragon defeated Brawl Bear Apprentice. @@novelbin@@

He, the inheritor of Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion, a small-time famous Beast Master in Qingzhou City.

Was he….defeated in an instant?!