Chapter 147 - 108: Got A Three Star Skill!_2

Chapter 147: Chapter 108: Got a Three Star Skill!_2

Translator: 549690339

“Senior Gu, you’re here!’

1

“Haha, Ling’er told me that your shop now offers grooming for super large pet beasts, so I came to check it out,” Gu Wu laughed heartily, stepping into Xu Ran’s shop. “Just in time, my pet beasts haven’t had a proper cleaning and grooming session since arriving in Qingzhou City.” @@novelbin@@

“Leave it to me!” Xu Ran said enthusiastically.

“Hmm…” Gu Wu glanced at the price list on the wall, his expression faltering slightly before quickly recovering. “But just to be clear, I will still pay the necessary fees.”

Over a million! He certainly can’t take advantage of this.

“That won’t do,” Xu Ran shook his head firmly. “If it weren’t for you showing up that day, I would have perished in the Beast Tide. I can only repay you as best as I can. I already feel bad about it.”

Gu Wu tried to decline a few more times, but seeing Xu Ran’s firm attitude, he reluctantly shook his head, “Okay then, only today’s grooming is free.”

“If I come again later or for other services, the charges must be paid as usual.” “Alright.” Knowing that this was as much as Gu Wu agreed to, Xu Ran didn’t insist further.

“Let’s go to your grooming room then. I’ll summon them one by one.” Gu Wu nodded slightly, glancing at Xu Ran’s training fees.

One hour of training for General Stage Pet Beasts cost 266 Beast Master Points.

This kid, really has the courage to charge.

But at his stage, a Beast Master indeed needs many Beast Master points, so let’s consider it as compensation for the grooming fees. Later, let’s let ‘DaHei’ be trained for an hour.

Just right, it’s time to see if this kid’s training is really as miraculous as it seems.

While thinking, Gu Wu already followed Xu Ran into the grooming room.

Seeing the much larger space inside than it looked from the outside, Gu Wu could undoubtedly affirm that Xu Ran utilized space expansion technology.

He looked at Xu Ran with surprise but didn’t reveal anything. Once confirmed that the space here was sufficient to accommodate his pet beasts for grooming, the hexagram star array flickered behind Gu Wu.

From the roar of the energy storm, the brightly lit grooming room suddenly went dark as if there was a sudden power outage, leaving only a pair of fierce blood-red dragon eyes visible.

It was a giant dragon, about fifteen meters long, with black scales covering its body and wings on its back. Between the gaps of its scales, there were traces of dried blood that couldn’t be washed away, a testament to its brave and fierce battles.

Seeing the Red-eyed Demon Dragon again, Xu Ran couldn’t help taking a deep breath, feeling the terrifying pressure.

[Race name: Red-eyed Demon Dragon

Attribute: Dark Attribute

Growth stage: General Stage

Body type: Super Large Size

Maintenance Need: *****

Evaluation: A veteran who has fought fiercely on all fronts, a fierce Dragon King, but remember: gentle care can also be a hero’s grave. Use your agile hands to make it succumb!]

“Roar-”

The Red-eyed Demon Dragon’s aura was only released for an instant. The next moment, it completely retracted its power, looking curiously at the human in front of it.

This small being, is going to groom it?

Back in Xieyun City, the Red-eyed Demon Dragon had experienced several grooming sessions. Each time, several humans were involved, and ladders were even brought over to clean the high places.

One person, how are they going to groom it?

“Demon Dragon senior, please come this way.” Xu Ran quickly composed himself, pointing to the care platform prepared specifically for super large pet beasts.

As the Red-eyed Demon Dragon lied quietly on the care platform, words emerged in front of Xu Ran.

[To enhance the effect of this grooming session, the system will provide the host with the knowledge of “Dragon Pet Beast Advanced Caring”]

Here it comes!

Xu Ran took a deep breath, looked at the giant dragon in front of him with scales larger than his own head, and began to prepare according to the knowledge provided by the system.

A moment later, he brought out the shower head and gently sprayed the prepared bath dew on the part of the Red-eyed Demon Dragon’s body in front of him.

The warm liquid took away the dirt on the scales, and trickled down through the gaps, the dark attribute resources within it were easily absorbed by the Red-eyed Demon Dragon’s large body — though trivial, it brought a strange sense of relaxation.

The Red-eyed Demon Dragon blinked, feeling a tingling sensation from the groomed area, as if a soft feather was running through its hard scales, tickling it.

As Xu Ran completed the basic cleaning of one area and moved to another, this tingling sensation became increasingly intense.

Just like a frog slowly getting cooked in warm water, the initially indifferent Red-eye Demon Dragon, under Xu Ran’s continuous and uninterrupted grooming, felt its whole body becoming sensitive.

While its large body shivered slightly, its throat moved, as if it wanted to make a noise, but forcibly suppressed it.

[Pleasure value from Red-eyed Demon Dragon +12]

[Pleasure value from Red-eyed Demon Dragon +12]

[From…]

As the reminders of pleasure values floated in front of Xu Ran, Gu Wu’s expression grew increasingly strange as he watched.

Having spent so much time with the Red-eyed Demon Dragon, he had never seen it in such a state before. His contract power at the fourth stage allowed him to clearly perceive the Red-eyed Demon Dragon’s current feelings, which made him feel a bit weird as well.

Well… this couldn’t go on, he was on the verge of making a sound!

With a flushed face, Gu Wu willingly blocked the perception brought by the contract, then sat down straight again, watching Xu Ran busily moving around with a somewhat strange look in his eyes.

He looked like a fine young man, but why was everything so odd?

Now he realized why the Dark Scale Dragon had made such strange noises the last time he came with his daughter.

Only the Red-eyed Demon Dragon’s unwavering will could…

“Roar—”

Okay, pretend he didn’t say anything.

At this moment, Gu Wu was very glad he had willingly blocked his perception.

If he had lost his composure, his image as a high-ranking individual would have been ruined.

Time ticked by, the roars from inside the grooming room getting louder and stranger. Even with his perception blocked, Gu Wu felt uncomfortable.

Finally, amidst the dazed roars, the Red-eyed Demon Dragon completed the entire grooming process.

Watching his pet beast transform into something brand new in such a peculiar manner right in front of him filled Gu Wu’s heart with a strange feeling.

Why did he feel like he should be happy, yet it didn’t seem like he should be happy?

Forget it.

Gu Wu gently raised his hand, sending the Red-eyed Demon Dragon back home, and then the Hexagram Star Array flickered again.

“Wu ”

Amid the clear dragon chant, a dragon with a more slender figure than the Red-eyed Demon Dragon, covered in pale blue scales, with dark blue curved horns on its head, flew out from the void.

It curiously looked at Xu Ran, with a hint of caution in its eyes.

Just now, it had seen through Gu Wu’s eyes the strange behavior of the black elder whom it once regarded as its idol.

It swore, that during the grooming later, it would not let the human in front of it succeed!

[Race Name: Wind Abyss Dragon

Attribute: Wind attribute

Growth Stage: Suai Stage

Body type: Super Large Size

Maintenance Need: *****

Assessment: Slightly young explorer, yet a sharp blade on the battlefield. It seems to have some wariness against the host at this moment, so… use your hands to show it that crying out loud won’t help!]

A moment later, the desperate cries could be heard from inside the grooming room.

“Wu —”

Red-eyed Demon Dragon, Wind Abyss Dragon, Flameman King Dragon, Violent Thunder Dragon…

Gu Wu seemed to have a particular affection for dragon pet beasts. All his four pet beasts were among the best in the dragon pet beasts.

And these four dragons, experienced the unbearable and inexpressible feelings in the following time.

Grooming Super Large Pet Beasts was also more time consuming, by the time Xu Ran finished grooming all of them, almost half a day had passed.

Even Xu Ran, whose power far surpassed ordinary humans due to the Beast Taming Contract, also felt a rare sense of fatigue.

It seemed that if he wanted to groom Super Large Pet Beasts effortlessly, he also needed to become stronger.

However, the hustle for almost half a day did bear some fruit.

Xu Ran casually opened his personal panel.

[★★★Annihilatory Thunder Palm](Teachable)

Just as he had speculated earlier, B-level fur plucking can indeed acquire a three-star skill.

Thinking about that purple dragon, which was the crudest of all but also had the strongest reaction to the grooming. The dragon initially seemed ready to die but showed a dazed smile on its face after the grooming. A smile couldn’t help surfacing on Xu Ran’s face.

Ziyun was one step closer to evolution again..