Chapter 149 - 109 Ziyun Accumulates More Debt_2

Chapter 149: Chapter 109 Ziyun Accumulates More Debt_2

Translator: 549690339 |

“Energy Abundant Potion: 2 bottles (Ziyun)”

“Skill Fusion Stone: 6 pieces (Ziyun)”

“Beast Master Points: 150 points (Ziyun) + 1064. points (Undistributed)”

Ziyun:”!!!”

Star: “111”

In just one day, the Beast Master had managed to earn so much again?!

This Beast Master is too good at making money, love it!

“The situation is a bit special, so we need to distribute resources again.” Xu Ran spread his hands and circled Annihilatory Thunder Palm with chalk, “A three-star skill that Ziyun needs to master for the evolution, got it!”

“All the undistributed resources together, newly accounted value points are 3368, you two each get 1684. points…” Xu Ran’s voice faltered, and he looked at Ziyun regretfully, “The value points of a three-star skill are 2000.”

Ziyun: (=w=)

So, even if it only changes this one skill, it still needs to borrow money from Star?!

It carefully turned its head and cast a plea for help at Star.

(*lfwV)

“Meow-” (Alright, alright…)

Star knew that its big sister who is preparing for evolution urgently needs resources, so it agreed without much hesitation.

After a cheer, Ziyun started choosing the things it needed to exchange.

As before, its demand for physical points is not that urgent, so it can give them to Star, but there’s no way to give up the extra hundred skill points.

The four three-star skills need to breakthrough to the Waning Moon Level before evolution, Ziyun’s demand for skill points is like a bottomless pit.

The Annihilatory Thunder Palm undoubtedly needs to be exchanged, as do the newly obtained five skill fragments, after all, it still has a Battle Instinct waiting to be fused.

Regarding the Beast Master points, there’s no need to exchange all of them this time.

It is still short of 110 points, just enough to exchange the resources it needs.

After some calculations… Ziyun cast a pitiful and helpless look at Star.

It needs to borrow 576 more value points.

Star:

Feeling tired, but the money still needs to be borrowed.

As for the remaining 154 physical points and 954 Beast Master points, Star accepted them without hesitation.

It can use the physical points right now and though the Beast Master points are not needed at the moment, seeing how difficult it is for Ziyun to gather resources for evolution, it knows that it needs to prepare early.

After the allocation, Star received another upgrade of points from Xu Ran.

Growth step: Elite Stage (6046/20000)!+]

Hl

Growth step: Elite Stage (6200/20000)!+]

With an enhanced strength, Star strode briskly towards the foster area on the basement floor, seemed eager to try out its newfound power right away.

“Star is really hardworking!”

Xu Ran couldn’t help but sigh, Ziyun beside him also nodded in agreement.

“Alright, are you ready for the skill teaching?” Xu Ran turned his attention to Ziyun and spoke gravely.

This is his first time teaching a three-star skill, and as a Leader Species, Ziyun theoretically doesn’t qualify to master a three-star skill.

He’s also uncertain about what will happen.

“Meow!” (I’m ready!)

Ziyun nodded earnestly, its eyes filled with fighting spirit.

“Then, let’s begin!” Xu Ran lightly activated the skill, completing the teaching.

“Meow!!!”

Ziyun’s pupils suddenly contracted.

It’s different!

It’s completely different from the previous teaching processes!

When learning from Xu Ran’s previous teachings, it only felt that suddenly there was more knowledge in its mind, and then it could easily master it.

But the teaching of a three-star skill at this moment is so difficult.

Huge amounts of information surged into Ziyun’s mind, causing severe pain throughout its body. As a Thunder Attribute Pet Beast, it felt the pain of fierce thunder strikes – what was once its power turned against it in an instant. @@novelbin@@

Ziyun’s body was twitching with pain, it fell off the counter and electric arcs were constantly jumping around its body, just like those Pet Beasts that had been paralyzed by its electric shocks.

“This…”

Astonishment also appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Teaching a three-star skill to a Leader Species is such a big challenge!

But why was it okay to elevate the talent skill to a three-star level through fusion?

Could it be because those skills are inherently Ziyun’s, and the additional three-star skills taught are foreign power?

“Meow…”

The frantic power gradually calmed down, regaining its senses, Ziyun’s voice carried a touch of breathlessness as it slowly rose from the ground.

It felt itself command a new three-star skill, though the process was painful, it was worth it for it took Ziyun one step closer to evolution.

“It’s fine now, everything’s fine.” Xu Ran took a deep breath, held Ziyun in his arms, gently rubbed its head, fear still lingering in his eyes.

It appears that teaching pet beasts skills beyond the range of their species’ levels should be done very carefully in the future.

The skill instruction was completed, and Ziyun’s status was rapidly recovering.

Xu Ran raised his hand, directly put too skill points into the newly learned Annihilatory Thunder Palm, elevating it to the Starlight Level, then took out his cellphone and started exchanging the newly received Beast Master Points for yesterday’s four unexchanged resources on the official website of the Beast Master Association.

This way, Ziyun’s evolution resources are only missing the Heart of the Thunder stone.

Just after confirming the exchange, a strange phone call came in.

“Hello, am I speaking to Mr. Xu Ran? This is the Beast Master Association.”

“Speaking.” Xu Ran raised his eyebrows, “What is it?”

“Well, you exchanged a Thunder Attribute King Stage Blood Essence yesterday and I was about to bring it over, then I saw you exchanged some new resources.”

“If you have other resources you need to exchange, you can place an order now and I can bring them along.”

“Because Thunder Attribute King Stage Blood Essence is quite valuable, it needs to be escorted by a Beast Master of Leadership Level or higher.”

“Ah, I see now,” said Xu Ran, suddenly understanding.

He thought that yesterday’s Blood Essence exchange would have been delivered in three days, he had forgotten he catapulted through time since he was accustomed to quick online shopping deliveries.

“Could you please bring it all together then? For now, this is all I am exchanging.”

“Alright.”

A response came from the other end of the line, the faint sound of howling wind echoing in the background, signifying their departure.

Pretty efficient.

Xu Ran nodded approvingly, “Your resources will all be here in a bit.”

“Meow!” (That’s awesome!)

Expectation shone brilliantly in Ziyun’s eyes.

Having gathered two main resources and four auxiliary resources, it was one step closer to evolution!

Next, all it had to do was to fuse Battle Instincts into a three-star skill, elevate all four three-star skills to the Waning Moon Level, find the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone, and it could evolve!

“Meow?” (Any news on the forum about the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone?)

Recalling how the resourceful forum helped it find the Power Bone Dust yesterday, Ziyun asked hopefully.

“Let me check.” Xu Ran opened the forum and started browsing.

However, he didn’t hold out much hope.

If there was any news, he should have received a call by now.

After some browsing, it was as he thought: there were no traces of the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone.

There were quite a few tips about the Power Bone Dust, but no clues at all about the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone.

Being one of the three main resources needed for evolution, this resource might be even more precious than the Blood Essence.

“Let’s wait a few more days.” Xu Ran took a deep breath, looking at Ziyun. “If the forum can’t provide any clues, we might need Senior Gu to kindly keep an eye out.”

“Xi Lu~” (What kind of clue?)

Star, who had cheerfully trotted back and forth, shook off the stone dust from his hoof and curiously asked.

“A clue for the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone.” Xu Ran briefly explained what had happened while Star was away.

Upon learning how dangerous it was to directly learn three-star skills before evolving into a King Species, Star’s eyes flashed with gravity.

This was a hurdle it would have to be extremely careful of when it was preparing to evolve.

“Is Mr. Xu Ran in there?”

A voice came from outside the shop.

So soon?

Recognizing it as the same voice from the phone call, Xu Ran opened the door in surprise, only realizing when he saw the man disembarking from a giant sculpture radiating Leadership Level aura, that the howling wind at the end of the call was because he was riding a Leadership Level flying pet beast for the delivery.

“These are the five resources you’ve exchanged for, please sign if everything is correct.” The man opened the passcode box he was holding.

“Thank you.”

The first thing that attracted Xu Ran’s attention was a drop of blood sealed in transparent crystal.

Purple electricity was entwined above the blood. The mere drop of blood sent waves that made one’s heart palpitate.

So this was the Blood Essence of a King Stage….