Chapter 144 - 107 B Level Plucking Fur!_L

Chapter 144: Chapter 107 B Level Plucking Fur!_l

Translator: 549690339

“So this is Power Bone Dust…”

While sitting on Star’s back, Xu Ran pulled out a half-palm-sized, antique-looking wooden box, his face filled with curiosity.

Even without opening it, he could feel the strong energy fluctuations inside through the wooden box, and the hefty feel it had gave a visually impressive sense of worthiness.

When Lyu Guang was defeated, the color on Lyu Hong’s face visibly darkened.

However, he kept his word. As per the agreement before the match, he handed the Power Bone Dust, which was offered as a stake, to Xu Ran.

Looking at the still bewildered Lyu Guang, the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion disciples with hostility on their faces, and Lyu Hong who held a sour look, Xu Ran knew he had overstayed his welcome.

Leaving behind a comment, “Welcome everyone to bring their pet beasts to Starfire Foster Care Shop,” Xu Ran decisively bid farewell.

“Meow-” (Let me see it right now!)

Ziyun, lying in front of Xu Ran, had a touch of urgency in his eyes. He couldn’t help turning his head, wanting to see the spoils of war he had just won.

Even Star turned his head in the middle of the run.

“Let’s take a look together.” Xu Ran chuckled lightly, gesturing for Star to stop first before carefully opening the wooden box in his hand.

What appeared to the eyes was a spoonful of powder.

But these powdered particles, each one was as clear as a diamond, shimmering with a peculiar sheen under the sunlight.

Not only that, they had a great density. Xu Ran grabbed a few lightly and found that each grain weighing at least one gram, each piece smaller than table salt, and even the wind couldn’t blow them away easily.

“As expected of an evolutionary material, it looks simple yet complex.” After a careful look, Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction, “It’s said that Power Bone Dust is scraped from the bones of powerful Fallen Transcendent Beings of certain fighting attributes.”

“Just a pinch of bone dust is this powerful, I wonder how formidable those Transcendent Beings must be.”

“Meow-” (We will be that strong too!)

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun’s eyes were filled with longing.

He was not far from evolution. Once the evolution was completed, he would become a King Species pet beast, level-capped at the King Stage. His gap with such powerful beings would be one step closer.

“Xi Lu!” (Hope I can evolve soon too!)

Star neighed loudly with the same expectation in his eyes.

Although his evolution was still quite distant, through Ziyun’s one, he could imagine that his own evolution would not be easy.

He hopes for the day to come soon so he could counter-borrow money from Big Sis!

“Alright, I’ll keep this Power Bone Dust for Ziyun.” Xu Ran closed the wooden box and carefully put it in his arms, “Now it’s time to get back to the shop.”

Star let out a neigh and set off again, attracting onlookers along the way.

Before reaching the Starfire Foster, Xu Ran saw two familiar figures standing at the shop door, one person and one pet.

“Meow!” (It’s the Dark Scale Dragon!)

Ziyun recognized its old foe immediately. After defeating the Dark Scale Dragon, Ziyun’s mentality has become calm, and it no longer gets agitated every time they meet.

After all, it was now a powerful elite level pet beast, and the Dark Scale Dragon was still at the Transcendent Stage. Every time it thought of this, Ziyun would feel a little proud.

“Gu Ling, are you here for the washing and caring service for Dark Scale Dragon?” Arriving at the shop entrance, Xu Ran dismounted and asked with a smile.

“Boss Xu, is this your second contracted pet?” Gu Ling didn’t answer Xu Ran’s question. As soon as Xu Ran showed up, she was captivated by the magnificent Star.

“Ang!”

The Dark Scale Dragon growled softly, looking towards Star with a sense of familiarity.

It recognized at a glance that the big guy in front of it, taller than itself, was also a Dark Attribute Pet Beast.

All Dark Attributed are one family!

“Indeed, this is my second pet, Star.” Xu Ran stroked Star’s slender mane for a brief introduction, then opened the shop door.

Gu Ling then remembered Xu Ran’s initial question, “I came for the washing and caring service this time, and I also want to try the accompanying training service. Xiaoxiao said it’s effective.”

“No problem.” Xu Ran nodded, suddenly thought of something, his face filled with anticipation, “By the way, I had mentioned before hoping that Senior Gu could come for a washing and care.”

“We already have washing and caring services for Super Large Size pet beasts in the shop now, but I didn’t keep Senior Gu’s contact. It would be great if you could help me inform him when you go back.”

“Sure!”

Gu Ling walked into the shop as she casually agreed. @@novelbin@@

The next second, her eyes fell on the price of washing and caring for Super Large Size pet beasts.

266666 yuan per session…

Realizing that Old Gu’s four pet beasts at home were all Super Large Size pet beasts, Gu Ling went silent for a moment.

The total cost for the four pet beasts was over a million yuan, right? From Boss Xu’s tone, he wanted to thank Old Gu for saving him earlier and offered to wash and care his pet beasts for free.

This was not a small sum of money…

Oh well, she was just the messenger. She’d let Old Gu decide for himself.

Seeing Gu Ling agree, a huge weight lifted from Xu Ran’s heart.

After the system got updated, and now having the ability to wash and care for Super Large Size pet beasts, he has been keeping in mind his previous promise.

He originally wanted to ask Su Xiaoxiao to help relay his invitation but felt the method was too casual, and it’s better to personally speak to Gu Ling face to face.

“Thank you, let’s start by washing and caring for Dark Scale Dragon.” He patted the dark armor-like sturdy body of the Dark Scale Dragon, “The shop’s washing and care services have upgraded. I think you’ll like it..”