Chapter 157 - 113: Star! The God Of Assistance!_L

Chapter 157: Chapter 113: Star! The God of Assistance!_l @@novelbin@@

Translator: 549690339 |

“Zap ”

Accompanied by a sharp sound of air being pierced, Ziyun’s figure instantaneously appeared on top of a small hill from fifty meters away, leaving an electric purple silhouette in its wake.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level – Step on Electric Traces!

The next moment, Ziyun, whose entire body was almost elemental, one of its front paws suddenly morphing back into a flesh paw, while a dark purple lightning wrapped layer upon layer around the paw, as though donning a thick glove.

The energy state of the thunder and lightning, condensed outside the paw into a more ferocious claw, carrying a terrifying aura that quickened one’s heart, fell quickly on the top of the hill as Ziyun lifted its forelimb.

“Boom!!!”

A terrifying explosion sound resonated in an instant, echoing between the hills, the brutal force bursting from where Ziyun’s paw landed, carrying raging thunder and lightning, like an explosion, blowing open a huge gap at the top of the small hill in an instant.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level – Annihilatory Thunder Palm!

Looking at the mountains flying in the sky intertwined with electric light, Ziyun’s pair of different-colored eyes suddenly became frosty, its elemental body instantly recovered to its original shape, while a jade white light erupted from various parts of Ziyun’s body instantly.

Clawing, pouncing, biting, slashing…

Each action of Ziyun carried immense power, enough to blast solid rocks into powder in a casual swing. When its body landed gracefully once again, the splashing fragments in the sky evaporated into endless dust, drifting to the ground.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level – Battle Body.

Powerful energy radiated from Ziyun’s surroundings, and although it was far from reaching the Elite Stage perfect level, even Xu Ran couldn’t estimate its limit as it now mastered four Three Star Skills.

“Xi Lu~” (So powerful!)

Seeing the freewheeling figure of their big sister, Star standing far away couldn’t help but exclaim.

Even though the gap in level progression between the two had almost levelled due to Star’s consistent addition of physical points, it was lucid that the gap in their skills was insurmountable.

“You have over five thousand more Beast Master Points than Ziyun. After we return from outside the city, get more resources to upgrade yourself, and you’ll catch up with Ziyun very soon.” Xu Ran riding on Star’s back smiled.

“Alright, it’s about time.” Glancing at the time, Xu Ran waved at Ziyun coming towards them, “We should set off.”

After preparing the food for the foster residents in the shop in advance, Xu Ran and the two beasts set off from the Starfire Foster Care Shop, heading straight for the towering city gates of Qingzhou City.

It wasn’t the first wave of city gates opening in the morning. More Beast Master experts were obviously waiting after Xu Ran arrived this time.

Easily, he spotted the figures of the Tiger Hunting Squad, and they saw him too.

“Boss Xu! Over here!” Zhang Yun laughed and waved at Xu Ran in a friendly manner.

The last time they met, Xu Ran was only at the Transcendent Stage. Now, not only is he the champion of the New Beast Master Challenge Match, but he has also broken through to the Elite Stage.

Therefore, seeing Xu Ran again, Zhang Yun’s attitude changed slightly, showing a subtle sense of respect and politeness.

“Captain Zhang, hello.” When he came to the Tiger Hunting Squad, Xu Ran dismounted, and greeted each familiar face one by one in a friendly manner.

“Uncle Du, I’ve fed the Armored Rhinoceros, and you may summon him at any time.”

“Sister Xue, long time no see, you have become even prettier.”

“Brother Yan, your Three-armed Demon Ape is a bit dirty. How about coming to Washing and Protection when you’re free?”

II II

Just as they were conversing amicably, a slightly gloomy voice came from not far away. “I say, your Tiger Hunting Squad inviting a newbie at this time, and such a weak one at that, isn’t really fair, is it?”

The sudden voice made the faces of the members of the Tiger Hunting Squad, who were initially all smiles from Xu Ran’s arrival, quickly turn serious. It also caused the other Beast Masters, who had not previously noticed this side, to look over.

Near the Tiger Hunting Squad stood about thirty or forty people. They belonged to different hunting squads and had been recruited by the Tiger Hunting Squad for the purpose of clearing a particular resource area.

The speaker was a man with a hook-nosed face, with an obviously hostile expression as he stood with his arms folded, his gaze towards this side.

“Uncle Liu, what’s going on?” Xu Ran, with his brows slightly furrowed, nudged Liu Gu next to him with his elbow and asked in a low voice.

“An idiot.” Liu Gu glared at the man and replied in a low voice, “That guy is the captain of the Eagle Eye Hunting Team, Song Chen. Our two teams had a fair relationship before but weren’t really close.”

“He followed other teams and got on this ride. During the last clean-up, there were some conflicts with our team due to some distribution issues.”

“Considering that it’ll all be over soon and we won’t cooperate with them in the future, they’ve used it as an excuse to offer stability and have therefore prentended the incident didn’t happen.”

“Who would’ve thought that he’d be so audacious, makes me spit!” Liu Gu spat disdainfully towards the side.

Although Song Chen didn’t hear Liu Gu’s voice, he saw his spitting gesture, and his face immediately darkened further. He raised his voice again, “The resources are there, we all worked hard for them, and now an outsider is coming to reap the fruits?”

His provocative words caused the people from the other squads, who were unaware of the situation, to glance over with a hint of curiosity..