Chapter 151 - 110 Heart Of The Thunder Glow

Chapter 151: Chapter 110 Heart of the Thunder Glow @@novelbin@@

Stone_2

Translator: 549690339

“For your next training, follow this priority.” After the analysis, Xu Ran chuckled as he stroked Star’s long mane.

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star neighed, momentarily confused due to continuously increasing his power, regained clarity after Xu Ran explained.

Now, with a clear training plan, it had already decided how to use the six hours it had in the training area every day!

Well… it couldn’t be slack in the foster area either. There are still a lot of things it can practice in the night environment!

“Next up is Ziyun.” Xu Ran turned his head, looking at Ziyun next to him, whose face was full of anticipation, waiting for him to assign a training plan.

“Your training now has only one theme – preparation for evolution.”

“Meow-” (Exactly!)

Ziyun nodded steadfastly, Xu Ran’s thoughts were in perfect alignment with its

own.

-To evolve, you need to upgrade four three-star skills to the Waning Moon Level; you’re only lacking battle instinct in reaching three stars, but this doesn’t impede developing proficiency.

“After merging, the proficiency of the skill will inherit the highest proficiency of the merging skills. So now, putting effort into promoting battle instinct proficiency is equivalent to improving the proficiency of the fourth three-star skill.”

“So…” Xu Ran’s tone paused slightly, “Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, Step on Electric Traces, Annihilatory Thunder Palm, and Battle Instinct are the most important skills for your next training.”

“Especially Annihilatory Thunder Palm -1 have already helped you level it up to

Starlight Level, but you haven’t used it yet, you need to focus on it.”

“Meow-” (Understood!)

Ziyun silently noted down Xu Ran’s words, nodding staunchly. So, the next step is mainly to train these four skills, right?

No problem!

“On top of that, there’s another skill that needs training.” Xu Ran hadn’t finished speaking, looking at Ziyun who had a “I get everything” expression, he shook his head helplessly, “The self-healing power skill also needs to be improved.”

“If possible, I will try to get this ability up to two stars before you start evolving.”

“Meow?” (Why?)

Ziyun couldn’t help expressing its confusion. Self-healing Power…

It had used this skill a lot. It accelerated its recovery when it got injured during regular training, but it didn’t pay much attention to this skill.

After all, it seemed more like a supplementary skill.

“As for the evolution, I have some guesses.” Xu Ran’s expression became slightly more serious, “If my guess is correct, the self-healing power skill may help you in evolution.”

This guess originated when Xu Ran started to receive resources and really saw those four assists.

It was clearly mentioned in the evolution path that the assisting resources are not necessary for evolution, but they can increase the success rate of evolution.

At that moment, Xu Ran was wondering how these four resources could increase the success rate.

After really seeing the assisting resources and feeling their different powers, combined with his own understanding of evolution, Xu Ran began to have some ideas in his mind.

Electric Energy Crystal should serve as a supplement to the thunder power during the evolution process. Even though Ziyun will have a new attribute, fighting attribute, after the evolution, it’s still mainly a thunder pet beast. Therefore, it needs to absorb a large amount of thunder power during the evolution.

The ordinary-looking Harmony Stone gives Xu Ran a feeling of harmony that leads to some speculation.

After Ziyun evolves, it will have a second attribute. There must be some conflict between the newly born attribute and the original attribute. The Harmony Stone may be able to help achieve a balance between these conflicts effectively, making Ziyun’s evolution go more smoothly.

The Life Dewdrop is a special resource filled with vitality. In the introduction of the Beast Master Association, it is regarded as a rare healing resource.

The usage of it during evolution to increase the success rate implies that evolution is demanding in life power and recovery.

Evolution, as a leap of life level, is bound to be intense. A pet beast’s form will undergo significant changes, which inevitably requires the support of life power.

That’s also why Xu Ran vaguely thought that improving the proficiency and star-level of self-healing power could help Ziyun’s evolution.

The last one, Transcendence Flower, gave Xu Ran an unusual feeling. It seems to be able to help a pet beast mobilize its entire strength and achieve a breakthrough by itself.

This is in perfect alignment with evolution.

After Xu Ran told Ziyun these speculations, Ziyun quickly showed an enlightened look. I see. It had attained enlightenment! The training of the self-healing power skill is important as well!

“Besides that, there is another crucial thing.” Xu Ran’s voice paused slightly, “Coming next, you might not be able to stay in the Thunder Training Area for six hours every day.”

“Meow?” (Why?)

Ziyun was a bit confused.

With so many skills to train on, how can they skip training in the area?

“Make at least an hour of your training time each day for the Earth attribute Training Area,” Xu Ran spread his hands. “Don’t forget, to successfully evolve, satisfying the evolution conditions and gathering the evolution resources is not enough. There’s another important thing.”

“Complete the evolution ceremony.”

-Your evolution ceremony is to ascend a cliff that’s a kilometer high under a thunderstorm relying on physical strength.

“So before the evolution, you need to have a solid grasp of climbing skills.

“Meow?” (Can’t I do that in the Thunder Training Area?)

Ziyun was completely taken aback.

It has no relation to the Earth attribute and might even be restrained by it.

Why on Earth should they venture over there?

“Unfortunately, there are no cliffs in the Thunder Training Area,” Xu Ran spread his hands.

Unlike the Foster Area, Xu Ran didn’t have the ability to modify the terrain in the ten different attribute training areas. It’s a fixed setting in the system. After Ziyun’s evolution path was determined yesterday, Xu Ran started to focus on the evolution ceremony. He had never heard that evolution would require such a process, but since the system seriously mentioned it, it would be undeniably important.

Besides training skills, they need to prepare for the evolution ceremony in advance.

Despite his efforts, Xu Ran couldn’t find a suitable cliff anywhere in the city.

The outskirts of town might have one, but he couldn’t possibly take Ziyun out of the city every day just for climbing training.

After a roundabout search, Xu Ran was attracted by the rugged terrain inside his Earth attribute Training Area.

There is a fairly steep rock wall.

Although is isn’t a thousand meters high as required, only about three hundred meters, considering Ziyun will be somewhat suppressed in the Earth attribute environment, which is equivalent to resistance training, it can be regarded as appropriate.

Ziyun’s resistance was futile. Even though it was unhappy, it agreed to the training plan for the sake of upping the odds on evolution.

■■Alright, now you two train hard.” Xu Ran clapped his hands and spoke with a smile. “I will run the shop and see if I can earn more resources.

“By the way, I will find out how to obtain the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone for Ziyun.”

Ziyun and Star exchanged glances.

Indeed, everything a Beast Master does is for their home.

Touching!

“You’re talking about the Heart of the Thunder glow stone?”

After hearing Xu Ran’s plea, Gu Wu stroked his chin, “Well, you went to the right person.”

“Senior Gu, do you know?” A look of surprise appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Three days.

Three days had passed since he arranged the new training plan for his two lil creatures.

During these three days, everything was going according to plan, all orderly and rewarding.

Except for the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone, there was no news about it. After waiting and waiting, Xu Ran finally couldn’t hold back anymore, and decided to ask Senior Gu Wu, who had been bringing his four dragons to the shop for training these days.

After all, he is currently the strongest person Xu Ran knows, so he should have a broader perspective and know more about rare resources.

Gu Wu didn’t disappoint him. He really knew about the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone!

“Not only do I know it.” Gu Wu laughed heartily, “When my Violent Thunder Dragon evolved back then, it absorbed a Heart of the Thunder glow Stone.” “If it wasn’t for that Heart of the Thunder glow Stone, the evolution of the Violent Thunder Dragon might have failed.” As he said this, Gu Wu’s expression was somewhat emotional..