Chapter 150 - 110: Heart Of The Thunder Glow Stone_L

Chapter 150: Chapter 110: Heart of the Thunder Glow Stone_l

Translator: 549690339

“Meow-” (So this is the power of the King Stage…)

Having come closer, Ziyun’s pupils violently shrank as the reflection of that single drop of blood mirrored in its heterochromatic eyes.

In the midst of this strength, a sense of closeness born of the same attribute took over, making it feel strongly that, just by swallowing this drop, its life level would gradually transition, reaching a new race tier.

With a jolt of its head, Ziyun slowly calmed down.

It had a clear evolution path which, if followed properly, would lead to successful evolution. It could not ruin this plan due to impulsive actions.

Ziyun shifted its gaze to the resources placed in the four corners of an alloy box.

In the upper-left corner was a deep purple crystal filled with Thunderforce, occasionally releasing electric arcs.

In the lower-left corner, there was the Harmony Stone. It seemed ordinary at first glance, but it possessed a naturally round shape and showed no explicit attribute in its energy, perfectly balanced.

In the upper-right corner was a tiny transparent test tube, containing about a milliliter of a strong, life-filled substance, the Life Dewdrop. It seemed as though a single drop could replenish the flesh on one’s bones.

In the lower-right corner was the Transcendence Flower. It emitted a colourful halo, it seemed unaffected by time, bringing a faint touch of transcendence.

Though these four resources were not as crucial as the main ones, their complete display in front of Ziyun still filled it with a sense of unprecedented relief.

Without these resources, the success rate of evolution would dramatically decrease, as if walking a tightrope, risking the peril of no return with the slightest misstep.

“There’s no problem.” Assured of its correctness, Xu Ran wrote his name on the receipt page and handed it to the man, saying, “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.” The man laughed heartily, seated himself on the giant sculpture and disappeared into the gale as the giant bird flapped its wings.

“Alright, I’ll store these resources for you first.” Looking at Ziyun, who kept glancing at the alloy box, Xu Ran gently massaged its head, “If you open them frequently before the evolution, it could consume their power.”

“Meow-” (Then I’ll stop looking at them!)

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun was taken aback and hurriedly reached out its paw to tightly close the lid of the alloy box.

If the power from the resources escaped, there would be problems with its evolution process!

“Very well, now that the resource allocation is complete, you all need to start working hard,” Xu Ran said slowly, facing the two little ones, having safely put away the alloy box along with the small wooden box holding the Power Bone Dust.

“First is Star.”

“Xi Lu!” (I hear you!)

Star neighed, a blazing fighting spirit in his eyes.

“Hm… your task now is to train hard,” Xu Ran held out his hands, “The two times the resources were distributed, the physical points all went to you, which also resulted in your growth progression increasing by nearly a thousand points in a short period.”

“The points were allocated too quickly, I worry there might be problems. You need to quickly turn this extra power into your own through training.”

“Xi Lu Lu~” (I got it!)

Star neighed again, realizing with a slight shock in his face.

He had said before that even though he felt a lot stronger after the allocation of points yesterday, he always had a strange feeling of not being in full control.

It really seemed like, even if he had become stronger through point allocation, he couldn’t fully give up on diligent training!

“Right now you’ve got seven skills. The passive skill ‘Tenacity’ doesn’t require deliberate training and can be improved during the training of any other skill. The use of ‘Self-healing Power’ doesn’t need to be deliberately trained for either, it can just be activated when you are injured in training.”

“Apart from these, the remaining five skills all need specific training,” Xu Ran started analyzing for Star.

“Twilight Watch and Star Chain are your two most crucial skills.”

“The former will increase the proportion of buffs and the number of teammates you can enhance as your proficiency goes up.”

“The latter, with the increase in proficiency level, will allow me to improve proportionally when I merge powers with you, not just adding one to one to produce two, but equals more than two.”

“Since you currently cannot acquire attack skills and are more like a support type Pet Beast, support ability is of the utmost importance.”

“Xi Lu Lu~” (Understood!)

Star snorted and nodded again, agreeing quite a bit with Xu Ran’s words.

Having grown up in a Mount Beast Breeding Base and bonding with his companions from an early age, Star didn’t harbor the desire to attack.

In the past, his only wish was to run faster, just like his companions. Now, with Xu Ran’s help, this wish had been fulfilled, and if he could use his own power to help his companions, Star would be satisfied.

“The skill ‘Nightfall,’ as its proficiency improves, can reduce power consumption, but the effect won’t change much,” Xu Ran nodded and continued his assessment, “For other Dark Attribute Pet Beasts, power consumption matters.” @@novelbin@@

“But for you, who has the ‘Tenacity’ skill, the power consumption of ‘Nightfall’ can be maintained for a considerable period. Thus, the priority of training this skill is somewhat lower. Having it is good enough.”

“apart from these, there are ‘Night Eyes’ and ‘Night Song’.” Xu Ran’s voice softened slightly. “If we were to rank your skill priorities, ‘Twilight Watch’ and ‘Star Chain’ would be tier one, ‘Nightfall’ would be tier three, and these two skills would be tier two.”

“They contribute to an improvement in your own strength. The enhancement of sight or speed is of considerable practical use..”