Chapter 158 - 113 Star! The God Of Assistance! _2

Chapter 158: Chapter 113 Star! The God of Assistance! _2

Translator: 549690339

“Song Chen, just control your own people.” Zhang Yun hummed,” Little Boss Xu is our friend in the Tiger Hunting Squad, if there is to be distribution of resources, it shall be from our side. Stop stirring up trouble!”

“That’s fine then.” It seemed Song Chen went to such lengths to force Zhang Yun into taking a position. Hearing this, he chuckled, then looked towards the other squads, “Everyone heard that, didn’t you? These are Zhang Yun’s very own words!”

“Despicable!” Liu Xue gave a cold snort from the side, apparently unable to restrain herself from cursing, but was held back by the more composed Du Heng.

“Ignore him.” Zhang Yun walked to Xu Ran’s side, “Just a minor clown. Once this is over, our Tiger Squad will certainly have nothing to do with them.”

“It’s all right.” Xu Ran smiled, “I was the one who made a sudden request, it’s my fault for troubling everyone.”

“What are you talking about, Boss Xu?”

“We are all at the elite stage, and with Boss Xu with us, we are more confident!”

“Boss Xu’s cat has a thunder attribute, which can play a big role in this.”

The members of the Tiger Hunting Squad again began to speak amicably with each other.

On the other side, Song Chen of the Eagle Eye Hunting Team saw that the members of the Tiger Hunting Squad were not at all angry because of his previous provocation and had even recovered their cheerful demeanor so quickly. A wave of discontent flooded his heart for no reason.

“Wait until we’re outside the city, and we’ll see who laughs last.” He could not help but curse under his breath.

Everyone did not wait long and the closed city gates slowly opened amidst the rumbling, revealing the desolate and silent world beyond.

“Let’s move!” As Zhang Yun waved his hand, Du Heng summoned his Armored Rhinoceros, carrying the members of the Tiger Hunting Squad with them.

He had intended to invite Xu Ran to come up too, but when he saw Xu Ran mount an extraordinarily extraordinary black horse, he gave up the idea.

“Ziyun, come up.”

With a gesture from Xu Ran, Ziyun lightly leaped up and landed on the back of Star. She curled up lazily in front of Xu Ran.

It gave Song Chen, who was also setting off, a disdainful glance.

That guy who despised Xu Ran, it remembered him!

“Meow?” (Should I beat him up later?)

“Never mind.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly.

The wilderness outside the city was dangerous. The most important goal of this trip was to get the heart of the Thunder glow Stone. There was no need for extraneous branches or conflicts.

Just like what the team leader Zhang said, just a clown.

“Oh right, Ziyun.” Xu Ran suddenly began to communicate with Ziyun via contractual sensing, “Unless necessary, don’t get involved.”

“Meow?” (Why?)

Ziyun blinked, revealing a puzzled expression.

With its improved strength, it was ready to show off!

“The intensity of your skills is a bit overwhelming, and there are many people here, it’s not convenient.” Xu Ran explained via contractual sensing, “With Star’s help, this many Beast Masters should be enough to deal with general dangers.”

“Xi lu!” (Chill big sis, leave it to me!)

Star gave a confident neigh.

“Meow-” (All right-)

After hearing Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun understood Xu Ran’s reason, although feeling a bit disappointed that it couldn’t show off its power in front of others, it was less enthusiastic about leaving the city.

“Team Leader Zhang, how long until we reach the resource site?” Xu Ran turned his head to look at the Armored Rhinoceros on one side and asked.

“About five hours.” Zhang Yun glanced at the sky, “We used to start early in the morning and, if things went smoothly, we would arrive by midday.”

“But we started late today, it’s already three in the afternoon, so we might not arrive until tomorrow morning.”

“Won’t we travel at night?” Xu Ran asked curiously.

“Apart from Dark Attribute Pet Beasts, other Pet Beasts are not easy to utilize their strength at night.” Zhang Yun shook his head, “The wild Super Creatures are different from us, they are used to activity during the night.”

“So, traveling at night is very dangerous, everyone usually finds a place to settle down, takes turns on watch until dawn, and then continues their journey.”

“Boss Xu does not need to worry too much.” Zhang Yun smiled, “This time we are aiming to accomplish our mission in one fell swoop, so we will not drag on for too long. After successfully taking out the Super Creature that’s guarding there, we should be able to return to the city tomorrow if everything goes well.”

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

With dozens of people moving together, their efficiency was indeed higher. Some weaker wild transcendental beings even proactively avoided them, not daring to come looking for death.

Star and the Armored Rhinoceros walked side by side, Xu Ran and the Tiger Hunting Squad chatted along the way, making the time fly by.

In the blink of an eye, two hours had passed.

The sun had begun to set, the clouds were turning red, unlike the desolate land, without neon lights and skyscrapers of the city, the sky outside the city was particularly beautiful.

Xu Ran stared into the distance in a trance, feeling a sense of relaxation from nature.

But this relaxation was soon broken.

“Enemy attack!!”

A loud shout came from the front, everyone turned their attention towards the sound and their expressions changed quickly.

Several dozens of wild transcendental beings from different species were charging towards them like a sharp blade, their target was clear and intentions were obvious.

The beast masters of the Hunting Squads had obviously experienced such situations before, there was no panic, and they quickly formed a formation based on their squads. Meanwhile, each squad also kept a certain distance from each other so that they could support each other in a crisis.

“Ha! Another foolhardy beast.” Liu Gu snorted and jumped off the back of the Armored Rhinoceros with the Wind Lion Dog, “Don’t panic Boss Xu, just protect yourself!”

“Try your best.” Seeing the Tiger Hunting Squad in battle-ready attitude, Xu Ran gave a slight nod, chose a position where he wouldn’t interfere with their battle with his two pet beasts, ready to adapt to changes.

Just as everyone was ready, the malicious wild transcendental beings arrived in front of them.

Since an Elite Level Beast Master could contract with two pet beasts, humans had some numerical advantage, but these wild transcendental beings didn’t seem to be afraid.

Some of them scattered to surround the humans, while others, like sharp knives, pierced into the formation of human beast masters, aiming for those with weaker strength.

They seemed to be in perfect harmony, clearly not their first time doing this.

“How audacious!” Zhang Yun commanded the Cold Scale Python to attack while he shouted fiercely, “It’s almost dark. Don’t let a single one escape!”

“Understood!”

“Give me your all!”

Shouts came from all directions in the crowd.

Having survived the harsh conditions outside the city, the members of the Hunting Squads knew all too well the danger at the moment.

If any being escaped, they could potentially attract more transcendental beings, until the human side ran out of power, devouring all humans.

Dusk was fast approaching, increasing the risk!

As time slowly passed, wild transcendental beings were continuously killed and their bodies lay there, while pet beasts on the human side were injured. At times, wild transcendental beings nearly reached the beast masters.

The Tiger Hunting Squad was quite strong initially but these wild transcendental beings were harmonious and quickly arranged more companions to surround them.

Seeing the situation becoming dangerous and Sea Wave Flower’s healing couldn’t keep up, Xu Ran shook his head slightly, “Star.”

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Understanding Xu Ran’s command, Star neighed. Then it raised its front hoof high and gathered the purple energy reins behind its neck.

The moment Xu Ran took hold of the reins and merged their powers, Star’s power, boosted by the Beacon-Level Star Chain, continued to increase, making a crisp “clang” sound as it stomped on the ground.

A dark ripple, with Star’s front hoof at the center, spread out in all directions, quickly coating the pet beasts of the Tiger Hunting Squad with a dark light film.

Two stars Skills, Starlight Level – Twilight Watch!

With an increase in proficiency, this skill could now enhance up to five individuals at the same time.

Though it couldn’t completely enhance all the pet beasts of the Tiger Hunting Squad, those who were mainly fighting received the enhancement and were invigorated.

The unfavorable situation was instantly reversed.

The members of the Tiger Hunting Squad were first taken aback, then quickly caught on. @@novelbin@@

“Kill! Don’t leave a single one alive!”