Chapter 152 - Ill: Thunderstorm Land, Trace Of Heartll

Chapter 152: Chapter ill: Thunderstorm Land, Trace of Heartll

Translator: 549690339

“The Thunder Dragon senior used the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone in its evolution?”

Upon hearing this, Xu Ran became even more delighted.

The major difficulty he faced in gathering this resource was that apart from the name of the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone, he knew next to nothing about it, not even what it looked like.

Neither the resource introduction books he could find, nor the posts on the Beast Master Forum he had been following for several days, offered any helpful information.

Since Gu Wu had used this resource for his Pet Beast, he must have significant understanding.

Even if he couldn’t provide any clues on how to find this resource, it would still give Xu Ran considerable profit!

“Correct,” Gu Wu nodded slightly, “The Heart of the Thunder glow Stone actually is a somewhat unpopular and rare resource.”

“You should know that I once lived in Second Level Town, Xieyun City, for a while.”

“Yes,” Xu Ran nodded.

“The gap in strength between the powerhouses in cities of different levels is enormous. As a General Level Beast Master like me, in the weaker 3 Level towns, I could already be the lord of the city.”

“However, in the Second Level Town, there are many Beast Masters not only at the General Level but even at the higher King Level, with the city lord rank starting from the Overlord Level.”

“Overlord Level…” This was the first time Xu Ran heard of this tier.

It seemed that this should be the rank above the King Level.

“Yes,” Gu Wu nodded, “You should understand that the resources in such a place are not on the same par as those in the 3 Level towns.”

“I obtained my Heart of the Thunder glow Stone from the Beast Master Association in Xieyun City by exchanging 2400 Beast Master Points.”

“If you need this resource, the easiest way is to go to a nearby Second Level Town. They should have a stock.”

“But the distance between different cities is very great, and there are a lot of Transcendent Beings hiding outside the cities. It’s not easy to travel to other cities.”

“Thank you, Senior Gu,” Xu Ran gratefully nodded.

He was naturally aware of the dangers outside the city.

Even if the journey was relatively smooth, it would involve several battles. If bad luck struck and there was a Beast Tide, it would be extremely difficult to survive.

The solution proposed by Gu Wu was feasible, but to Xu Ran, it could only be considered as a plan if he really couldn’t find the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone. @@novelbin@@

“Senior Gu, could you briefly talk to me about the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone?” Xu Ran scratched his head sheepishly, “To be honest, my understanding of this resource is limited to its name.”

“Of course, no problem,” Gu Wu laughed,”Speaking of it, the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone is quite a unique resource.”

“To mention it, we have to talk about the Thunder glow Stone first.”

“The Thunder glow Stone?” Xu Ran blinked.

“This is a special ore with Thunder Attribute. It can only be produced from the Sky Thunder.” Gu Wu paused, “But the Thunder glow Stone has a very special feature, that is, it has a Thunder attracting effect.”

“Once a region has given birth to a Thunder glow Stone, it will constantly attract more Sky Thunder, leading to the birth of more Thunder glow Stones.”

“So, the Thunder glow Stone can be obtained like growing vegetables.” Gu Wu chuckled, “Plant one in an uninhabited area and after a year or two, you can harvest quite a lot of Thunder glow Stones.”

“There’s such a resource?” Xu Ran felt enlightened.

So it seems, the Thunder glow Stone should be a resource that can be conveniently obtained.

So why is the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone so rare?

Xu Ran looked thoughtful.

“Thunder glow Stones are indeed easy to get, but their actual use is not significant, as the Thunderforce contained within is very weak.” Gu Wu smiled, “On the contrary, its special effect of attracting Thunder could accidentally bring disaster to a human city if not careful.”

“So, the Association does not provide exchanges for Thunder glow Stones and seldom mentions this resource; hence fewer and fewer people know about it.”

“As for the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone…” Gu Wu’s voice paused slightly,

“It is a special resource born from the Thunder glow Stone.”

“As I mentioned earlier, Thunder glow Stones have the effect of attracting Thunder, so after the birth of a Thunder glow Stone, more Thunder glow Stones will gradually be born nearby.”

“More Thunder glow Stones attracting Thunder simultaneously will cause the Sky Thunder in this region to become more and more intensive, ultimately forming a year-round shroud of thunder clouds.”

“Under normal circumstances, the Thunder glow Stone attracts Thunder but does not absorb it. However, once the intensity of the falling Sky Thunder reaches a certain level, the situation changes.”

“The Thunder glow Stone starts to gradually absorb the Sky Thunder, which compresses under the bombardment of the Sky Thunder.”

“At this stage, the number of Thunder glow Stones will not increase but will keep decreasing, until only one is left.”

“That’s the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone.”

“The Heart of the Thunder glow Stone no longer possesses the effect of attracting Thunder. Its shell still resembles a Thunder glow Stone, showing a bright purple crystalline shape, but the inside is filled with a purple-black liquid substance, representing the huge Thunderforce sealed within.”

“So if you find that a region that has been experiencing continuous thunderstorms for years suddenly becomes clear one day…” Gu Wu halted, “In all likelihood, a Heart of the Thunder glow Stone has been born.”

“Of course, such an event usually happens outside the city, so it’s not easy to encounter.” Gu Wu patted Xu Ran’s shoulder, “If you really need it, it’s more reliable to go to the Second Level Town for an exchange.”

“Senior Gu, I understand.” Xu Ran nodded heavily.

After listening to the entire process of the birth of the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone, starting from the Thunder glow Stone, he finally realized the preciousness of this resource..