Chapter 155 - 112 Evolution! Here I Come! _2

Chapter 155: Chapter 112 Evolution! Here I come! _2

Translator: 549690339

“Skill Fragments: 27 (Ziyun) + 67 (Undistributed)”

“Energy Abundant Potion: 2 bottles (Undistributed)”

“Skill Fusion Stones: 6 pieces (Ziyun) + 7 pieces (Undistributed)”

“Beast Master Points: 954 (Star) + 7448 (Undistributed)”

“Adding them all up …” Xu Ran paused as he noticed his Pet Beasts’ eyes glowing with excitement, “the undistributed Value Points totals to 12022, each of you will get 6011.”

They were rich!

Rich overnight!

Ziyun, who has been scared of being poor, lit up instantly. @@novelbin@@

Forget about borrowing money, with this amount, it could repay all its debts!

“However…” Xu Ran paused, circled the undistributed 7448 Beast Master Points with chalk, “we have this large number of Value Points because Elder Gu Wu often brought his Pet Beasts for training, which earned us a lot of points.”

“The number of other key resources is not that high.”

“On this matter, I have some new ideas.” Xu Ran opened the official website of the Beast Master Association and entered the Points Exchange page, “The resources provided by the Beast Master Association for exchange are quite plentiful, they don’t necessarily have to be used for evolution.”

“Other Beast Masters exchange resources to strengthen their Pet Beasts. We have been adding points, so we’ve never done this.”

“But these two things do not conflict.”

“Now we have Beast Master Points that we can’t fully use for exchanging evolution resources. We can also use them to get resources to speed up the increase in strength, which will give better results when combined with adding points!”

The income of Physical Points is beginning to lag behind the needs of the two Pet Beasts!

Presently, the Foster Shop has a total of twenty-eight residents. Such a number would be considered high in any Foster Shop in Qingzhou City. But for the underground Fosterage space, there is still a large surplus.

But to fill up such a large Fosterage space in a short time, it’s not feasible.

This puts a limit on the income of Xu Ran’s Physical Points.

Though over two thousand Physical Points seem like a lot, it takes twenty thousand for the Elite Stage to be perfect!

It would take several months to add points to both Pet Beasts for them to reach perfection in the Elite Stage.

But with the second Meditation Acceleration Card, Xu Ran’s speed of breaking through to the Third Stage of contract power is much faster than this.

This will lead to a situation where, after the breakthrough, Xu Ran might have to wait for his Pet Beasts to slowly progress.

Of course, he couldn’t just stand by and let this happen, so finding other ways for the two Pet Beasts to quickly increase their strength became inevitable.

Fortunately, they now have more Beast Master Points that can be used not only for exchanging evolution resources but also for obtaining resources to increase strength.

These points will become more and more in the future, they cannot be wasted.

Hearing this, Ziyun and Star looked at each other.

It seems like they have never experienced the process of accelerating strength enhancement by using resources.

However, it sounds like a good idea.

Increasing strength using resources, and being able to add points.

Isn’t that double happiness!

No problem!

The two Pet Beasts instantly reached a consensus, nodding together.

“Okay, now you two can discuss how to distribute the resources.” Xu Ran looked at the two Pet Beasts with a smile.

Unknowingly, he had begun to enjoy this method of distribution.

Watching his adorable Pet Beasts haggle with each other was quite amusing.

“Meow-” (Can I pick first this time? I promise I won’t borrow money!)

Ziyun eagerly looked at Star.

Its evolution was drawing nearer, and it needed a lot of resources. Yet if Star also needed these resources, it might not be enough.

“Xi Lu Lu~” (Alright!)

Star understood how hard Ziyun had worked recently to evolve and nodded without hesitation.

Anyway, when it’s time for its own evolution, everything will be reversed.

With Star’s affirmative response, Ziyun cheerfully began making selections.

The first was Skill Points.

After Xu Ran informed it that upgrading its remaining three skills to the Waning Moon Level would require 805 Skill Points, Ziyun immediately exchanged 595 Skill Points without hesitation.

Although it could save some Skill Points by training on its own, Ziyun didn’t want to wait any longer!

“Three Stars Step on Electric Traces (Starlight Level)” (324/500) [+]

“Three Stars Annihilatory Thunder Palm (Starlight Level)” (152/500) [ + ]

“Two Stars Battle Instinct (Starlight Level)” (219/500) [ + ]

UJ.

“Three Stars Step on Electric Traces (Waning Moon Level)” (0/2000) [ + ]

“Three Stars Annihilatory Thunder Palm (Waning Moon Level)” (0/2000) [+]

“Two Stars Battle Instinct (Waning Moon Level)” (0/2000) [ + ]

Star, watching the remaining undistributed 25 Skill Points, also teared up.

Finally! Finally!

It could also experience the taste of adding Skill Points!

Without hesitation, it took all the remaining Skill Points which Ziyun was no longer urgently in need of, electing to add them to Twilight Watch.

“Two Stars Twilight Watch (Starlight Level)” (142/500) [+]

UJ.

“Two Stars Twilight Watch (Starlight Level)” (167/500) [+]

Feeling numerous scenes of itself using Twilight Watch in different scenarios surging into its mind, the eyes of Star dilated.

Is this … what it feels like to add Skill Points?

It wanted to do this again next time!

Next, Ziyun looked at the Skill Fragments.

To upgrade Battle Instinct to Three Stars, it needs Two Star Skills which equals 80 Skill Fragments. Besides, Xu Ran said before that it would be best to upgrade Self-healing Power to Two Stars.

So, it needs another One Star Skill, totaling 90 Skill Fragments.

At the moment, it is short of 63.

All skills have been upgraded to the Waning Moon Level, so it no longer urgently needs the Energy Abundant Potion. Thus, it decided to leave these for Star this time..