Chapter 159 - 114 - The Lone Traveler In The

Chapter 159: Chapter 114 – The Lone Traveler in the

Moonlit Nightl

Translator: 549690339

The weights on both sides of a balance scale are close, and when the scale swings left and right, breaking the stalemate is actually quite simple.

You don’t need to replace all the weights on one side with heavier ones, you just need to make one of them heavier, and that’s enough.

A complex battlefield is not a balance scale, but the principle can be similar at times.

The Tiger Hunting Squad, enhanced by Star, is that one extra heavy weight.

As they swiftly kill their locked-in opponents and start to help the other squads around them, the situation is reversed in an instant.

The wild and transcendent beings that attacked as a group, after more than half of their companions were killed, finally understood the principle that there are things that cannot be done.

The madness and ferocity in their eyes are replaced with fear and horror.

Wisdom far beyond ordinary beasts makes them understand that they cannot escape easily.

The cause of all this…

“Roar!” Accompanied by a mad roar, a powerful Transcendent Being that is fiery red all over, resembling a Blood Lion, looks at Xu Ran, then dashes towards him like a mad beast.

“Meow-” (Seeking death!)

Ziyun, who is tucked in front of Xu Ran, peeks out a little, a flash of thunder passes through the bottom of its eyes, and a terrifying momentum gradually accumulates around it, it can’t wait to take action.

But someone is faster than it.

“Wind Lion Dog!”

With a loud shout from Liu Gu, a huge green figure rushes towards the Blood Lion fearlessly. Under the blessing of Star, the Wind Lion Dog, whose momentum is growing, gets tangled with the Blood Lion, biting each other fiercely.

In the end, the Wind Lion Dog bites the opponent’s throat, cruelly tears it open, allows the bloody smell to splash on its face and body, roars to the sky, and the fierce aura terrifies the group of beasts.

“Gah!!!”

A weird and unpleasant roar comes from a pitch-black Transcendent Being, looking like a lizard but covered with disgusting pus-filled boils, attacking from among the Transcendent Beings.

The next moment, the remaining dozen or so Wild Super Creatures stop the battle in front of them, launch a breakthrough in a certain direction, trying to escape.

That direction is…

“Song Chen, keep them!” Zhang Yun yelled anxiously.

“Without your saying!” Song Chen retorted viciously, commanding his squad to act swiftly.

But the next moment, his expression changed slightly.

The pitch-black lizard’s body suddenly swelled, and the goose bumps inducing puss bags on the surface of its body swelled up even more, emitting a nauseating smell.

“Boom!”

Accompanied by a muffled sound, it exploded in the crowd just like that.

The smell instantly diffused in all directions, and everyone who smelt it covered their noses and felt dizzy.

“Poisonous! Liu Gu!” Zhang Yun shouted.

At the same time he was speaking, Liu Gu had already reacted, commanding the hovering Sea Wave Flower for the first time.

“Glug-”

The Sea Wave Flower made a reluctant sound, instantly rolled up a curtain of rain to wash away the nauseating smell, and detoxifies everyone at the same time.

But with this little setback, there was a gap in the tightly sealed formation. Even though everyone reacted at the same time and launched a hunt, in the end, two Transcendent Beings still escaped from the encirclement.

Looking at the retreating enemy beasts, Zhang Yun’s face gradually darkened, he immediately turned his head to look at Song Chen, “You could have easily stopped that beast from exploding!”

Song Chen’s face was equally dark, he opened his mouth to speak, but was momentarily lost for words.

Indeed, he had the ability, but he really didn’t think that the lizard would explode to buy time for the other Transcendent Beings, so he reacted a beat too slow.

However, Song Chen reacted quickly, snorted coldly for the first time, “Why blame me for all this? If you, the Tiger Hunting Squad, have such assistance, why don’t you assist others in your team?”

“If everyone had such assistance just now, it would have been easy to stop those two beasts!”

Although these were Song Chen’s words of defense, it made sense, and for a moment, many Beast Masters from other teams couldn’t help looking towards Xu Ran.

“Have you no shame?” Zhang Yun’s face darkened, “Wasn’t it you who despised boss Xu as weak?”

“Exactly, he shared the team’s resources, why should he assist you?” Yan Fan sneered and taunted.

“Uncle Liu, does it matter much that we missed two?” Ignoring the quarrels of the others, Xu Ran whispered to Liu Gu next to him. @@novelbin@@

“It does matter quite a bit…” Liu Gu simply explained the pattern of Transcendent Beings’ movements outside the city, “There may be a second wave of attacks soon, which is very annoying.”

“I see.”

Xu Ran nodded slightly, his pupils turning pitch-black along with the whites of his eyes, his pupils contracted to vertical pinpoints, gazing around indifferently like an abyss.

He understands the movement within several kilometers in an instant.

“Ziyun.”

“Zap ”

Accompanied by a piercing electric sound, Ziyun who had curled up in front of Xu Ran was reduced to a shadow composed of thunder and lightning in an instant, its form flickering a few times and then disappearing.

The noise and arguments around suddenly stopped.

“You…” Song Chen’s face changed slightly, he looked at Xu Ran’s indifferent, pitch-black eyes, and felt an inexplicable chill at his back.

“Meow-” (Both have been taken care of.)

The electroluminescent phantom re-condensed into Ziyun’s body, it slowly sat upright, its expression calm and composed.

“The two that ran away just now have been taken care of.” Xu Ran’s calm voice echoed, then his eyes locked onto Song Chen, “There’s still one left..”