Chapter 153 - Ill Thunderstorm Land, Traces Of The Heart! _2

Chapter 153: Chapter ill Thunderstorm Land, Traces of the Heart! _2

Translator: 549690339

No wonder such a small place like Qingzhou City doesn’t have it.

There are only three ways to acquire this resource.

Firstly, to buy it from someone who has it.

However, after four days without any news from the forum post, this method is basically impossible.

Secondly, it is to go to a second level town and see if the local Beast Master Association has this resource for exchange.

After Gu Wu’s visits these days, Xu Ran can afford the 2400 points, but going to other cities is quite a problem.

The distance between different cities is far, and no matter what, he would need several days.

This was not like the usual venture outside the city, the likelihood of accidents happening greatly increases after a few days out.

The third way is to find a newly born Heart of the Thunder Stone.

Senior Gu just mentioned the features of the birth of the Heart of the Thunder Stone.

The sudden disappearance of the continuous thunderstorm weather was quite apparent. If a similar situation occurred near the city’s outskirts, it would be much safer to go and return on the same day with the Tiger Hunting Squad.

But there’s a problem.

The thing is too random and relies too much on luck.

As he watched Senior Gu leave, Xu Ran sat behind the counter with his head in his hands, looking troubled.

This matter still needs a long discussion.

Wait to see if there are any sellers or a newly born Heart of the Thunder Stone.

If there isn’t, then for the sake of Ziyun’s evolution, he can only spend more money to hire a stronger person escort to a second-level town.

If only Lucky Liu was here at this time.

Every time he came, he always brought good luck.

“Little Boss Xu, arrange the handsomest wash and protection for the Wind Lion Dog!”

Liu Gu entered the shop confidently, followed by a determined Wind Lion Dog.

“Alright.” Xu Ran’s spirit lifted as he got up to greet them.

It had been four days since he asked Gu Wu about the Heart of the Thunder Stone.

There were still no clues about the Heart of the Thunder Stone. @@novelbin@@

The path of finding a seller in Qingzhou City had basically been cut off.

Over the past few days, he also paid attention to the Beast Master forum discussions related to the outskirts of the city, but he had not noticed any features matching the birth of the Heart of the Thunder Stone.

Clearly, luck-based things aren’t reliable.

In the end, Xu Ran could only hope that the closest second-level town to Qingzhou City had what he wanted.

However, the journey to the second level town was so dangerous that Xu Ran naturally needed to make some preparations. At least he needed to do two more Ten Consecutive Drawings, draw some good items to enhance the two pet beasts, then he could be relieved.

It had been seven or eight days since the last Ten Consecutive Drawing, and he had gathered almost 110,000 pleasure points. Lucky Liu was right on time.

As usual, wash and clean the Wind Lion Dog first, then harness the lucky atmosphere of the lucky fish!

“Come on, follow me.”

Xu Ran made a simple gesture and the Wind Lion Dog, its tongue hanging out and eyes clear, happily followed him.

A moment later, the excited and trembling howl of the Wind Lion Dog could be heard from the grooming room.

“Owooo—”

Half an hour later, the grooming was finished.

Liu Gu hurriedly went to the same peak-groomed Wind Lion Dog as before, patting its big head, “Grooming is done. You can’t screw up this critical battle!” “Owooo! Owooo!”

The Wind Lion Dog nodded heavily, its clear eyes gradually fading, filled with a sharp look, like a veteran who had been baptized on the battlefield.

“What critical battle?” Xu Ran, who had been planning to harness the lucky atmosphere, asked in curiosity after hearing the dialogue between Liu Gu and the Wind Lion Dog.

“That resource place mentioned before.” Liu Gu laughed, “Little Boss Xu, do you remember?”

“Understood.” Xu Ran nodded.

The Tiger Hunting Squad had spent most of the past half month there. Each time Liu Gu came for a wash and protection, his Wind Lion Dog looked covered in scars.

If he remembered correctly, they reaped something every time, but that resource land had not yet been fully conquered.

Xu Ran couldn’t help but look at Liu Gu.

In fact, this time Liu Gu came for a wash and protection, it seemed somewhat different from before.

Each time he previously came for such care, Liu Gu had just returned from outside the city.

At this moment, however, he was dressed in clean and sturdy attire, ready to set off. Even though the Wind Lion Dog was dirty, it didn’t have the bloodstains from before.

Skipping back to what Liu Gu had just said…

“Are you guys planning to fully capture that resource spot this time?”

“That’s correct!” Liu Gu laughed heartily, obviously in a remarkably good mood, “This time, even the heavens are on our side!”

“Our esteemed Boss Xu is not aware that, previously, even after we joined forces with several other hunting squads, we couldn’t bring it down for a long time. On one hand it was because there were many Transcendent Beings occupying it. On the other hand, the environment was really detrimental.” “That place is always covered with thunderclouds, and sometimes thunderbolts strike down, which is very unfriendly to Pet Beasts that are not of the Thunder Attribute.” Liu Gu shook his head and sighed.

“Fortunately, the Armored Rhinoceros is of the Earth attribute and can counter Thunder attribute beings. It is responsible for the defense of our squad, so the impact on our Tiger Hunting Squad is slightly less…”

“Wait a moment?!” Xu Ran suddenly interrupted Liu Gu.

At some point, his eyes had become extraordinarily bright. “You just mentioned, what kind of environment is that place?”

“Covered all year round with thunder clouds!” Liu Gu blinked, “Oh, Boss Xu, you probably don’t know, such peculiar places are not uncommon outside the city.” He simply assumed that Xu Ran hadn’t been out of the city much and started explaining cheerfully, “In some places, flames inexplicably spew from the ground, in others, water poured on the ground dries up in a second, and yet in others, quicksand traps appear out of nowhere.”

“Many Transcendent Beings have fallen outside the city in the past, some of them rather powerful. The power left behind by their corpses and bones can still influence the nearby areas.”

“We speculate that a Thunder Attribute Transcendent Being must have fallen in that area. It attracts sky thunders, so it must have been at least of the King Stage.”

“Hey, I digressed.” Liu Gu spoke enthusiastically, “In short, there are intermittent thunders in that area, which impacts our extermination of the Transcendent Beings.”

“But we just got news, guess what?”

“The thunder in that area has suddenly disappeared! Even the thunderclouds are gone!”

“Perhaps the power left behind by the fallen Thunder Attribute Transcendent Being completely dissipated just now. That’s why we have to gather in haste and seize this excellent opportunity to capture the resource land once and for all!” Liu Gu waved energetically, showing a lot of determination.

After continuously fighting for so long without successfully capturing that place, everyone felt somewhat exhausted.

While continuous extermination can also be considered sustainable development, accomplishing it at one stroke and going elsewhere for extermination after earning a large sum, for these hunting squads, would be the best option.

“Er…” Xu Ran suddenly broke the silence as he looked at the determined Liu Gu, “When are you guys setting off?”

“At three o’clock in the afternoon. We will meet before the city gate when it opens. Why?” Liu Gu looked at Xu Ran, who seemed to have suddenly become even more excited.

“So…how about taking me along?” Xu Ran smiled a little, “Both my Pet Beasts have reached the Elite Stage. They’re pretty powerful, they probably won’t slow you down.”

“Boss Xu also wants to earn this time?” Liu Gu looked surprised, “It’s dangerous outside the city, and you may not even earn as much as you do here.”

As he said this, he could not help but glance at the price menu nearby.

That was really expensive!

If he had this kind of skill, he wouldn’t bother adventuring outside the city.

“It doesn’t matter if I can’t make money, I just want my beasts to see the world.” Xu Ran smiled slightly, “Can we do it?”

“Since Boss Xu insists, then I suppose so,” Liu Gu nodded, “I’ll talk to the team leader. It should be okay if we simply assume that the Tiger Hunting Team has temporarily added a person. The other teams probably won’t object.”

“So… I’ll see you in the afternoon?”

Liu Gu waved at Xu Ran, then turned and left the room.

“See you in the afternoon… Hey! Hold on!” Xu Ran was about to wave back when he suddenly remembered something. He quickly stepped forward and affectionately patted Liu Gu’s shoulder, smiling, “Be careful on your journey.” “…Okay.”

Liu Gu left with his Wind Lion Dog, looking a bit strange. Halfway down the road, he suddenly turned to the Wind Lion Dog, “Why do you think Boss Xu always pats my shoulder when I’m about to leave?”

“Arf, Woof?”

Don’t ask me! I’m just a dog!