Chapter 161 - 115: Ziyun Evolution!!! !

Chapter 161: Chapter 115: Ziyun Evolution!!! !

Translator: 549690339

[Additional update 5/10 for the Silver Alliance Warm Sun 1314]

“Boom!!!”

The herd of beasts that missed their pounce were blown backward by the thunderbolt-formed phantom, their bodies flickering with wild electric arcs. Screaming in pain, they were successfully enraged by Ziyun, and quickly chased in the direction of its escape.

Meanwhile, the tremendous sound and lightning tore through the quiet night, drawing the attention of more Transcendent Beings.

“Swift battle, swift victory!”

When Xu Ran confirmed that most of the other wild super creatures had departed, he rode Star quickly into the resource area, coming stealthily under the cover of night to the huge Thunderforce detected previously.

Jumping down from the horse, Xu Ran and Star began to dig quickly!

“Ding???? ”

Accompanied by a crisp sound, a purple glow flashed and then disappeared into the night.

Xu Ran’s movements became cautious as he quickly dug away the surrounding soil, and then carefully took out a palm-sized crystal, wiping its surface clean.

Under the bright moonlight, the rippling purple-black liquid inside the crystal was exceptionally clear.

That’s right, it was it!

The Heart of the Thunder stone!

“Got it, let’s retreat quickly!”

Xu Ran hastily informed Ziyun through Contractual Sensing, safely storing the Heart of the Thunder stone, and vaulted back on the horse.

Not far away, one of the thunder and light illusions left on the ground solidified swiftly, returning to its original place. Ziyun reappeared in Xu Ran’s arms, with a frightened expression, but also with a sense of excitement as if having done something naughty.

“Let’s find a place nearby to hide first.” Xu Ran quickly decided on an evacuation plan in a lowered voice, a smile playing on his lips, “We’ll take action in the daylight tomorrow.”

Having so smoothly obtained the last piece of Evolution Resources, now all that was left was to find a cliff with a drop of over a thousand meters during thunderstorm weather to let Ziyun evolve.

According to Xu Ran’s plan, it would be best to find a suitable place for the Evolution Ritual outside the city.

After all, there wouldn’t be a thousand-meter drop cliff inside the city.

A result of this, Xu Ran had also brought the other Evolution Resources.

It’s a pity that he asked Zhang Yun who had the most experience outside the city, but even he didn’t know of any place that met the conditions.

With regards to the Evolution Ritual, they would need to think of another way.

“Xi Lu Lu!” (There’s a powerful foe!)

Star, who always had his Night Hunting Pupil activated, suddenly neighed, quickly reduced his speed, and then stopped in his tracks, his expression becoming serious.

“Hm?”

Xu Ran faintly sensed a hint of danger coming from the front and also activated his Night Hunting Pupil.

The next moment, his expression changed.

From miles away, one wild super creature after another stepped into the field of view of the Night Hunting Pupil from the edge of its vision.

Their direction pointed precisely to him!

The leader of these super creatures was a huge black lizard five meters long, covered in offensive abscesses; its breath was powerful and alarming.

Xu Ran’s eyes locked onto the little lizard atop the head of the black lizard, a look of realization on his face.

That fellow is still alive?

Not only that, it seemed to have used some sort of method to mark him, so that it could find him precisely?

Recalling what Liu Gu had told him, Xu Ran felt the difficulty of dealing with the wild super creatures outside the city.

As if sensing the distant scrutiny, the larger black lizard slowly raised its head to look at Xu Ran from afar, a terrible momentum bursting from its body.

Xu Ran’s expression became even more serious.

Leadership Stage?

No, not yet.

But the breath of this big lizard exceeded that of many ordinary Elite Stage creatures, even stronger than those at the peak of the Elite Stage.

Perhaps it was close to breaking through to the Leadership Stage, but for some reason, it couldn’t make the breakthrough immediately.

No matter what, Xu Ran was unable to match such an opponent at the moment.

Even Ziyun, aided by Star, would struggle to contend with it!

“Run!” Under a grave expression, Xu Ran growled.

If they couldn’t shake off this big guy, things wouldn’t go well tonight.

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Understanding the situation, Star neighed and run at full speed towards a direction away from the big lizard.

Black patterns surfaced around its body as the atmosphere of the night enveloped Star, providing him protection and enhancement.

Merging with the darkness, Star gathered speed, dragging a trail of afterimages in his wake.

Two stars Skills, Starlight Level-Night Song!

Even though Star was traveling so fast, Xu Ran’s expression, sitting on Star’s back, showed no sign of relaxation.

Because he discovered, the big lizard was completely capable of keeping pace with Star and even seemed to do it effortlessly!

Merging into the shadows, the powerful aura of the big lizard followed in a steady pace from behind, conveying a composed aura as if it was a cat playing with a mouse.

Looking at the mighty lizard, which was somewhat similar to a Shadow Chaser Lizard but belonged to a different species, Xu Ran gnashed his teeth silently.

I don’t believe you can beat Star in tenacity!

Five minutes…ten minutes…fifteen minutes…

In the darkness, Star neighed, but his breath remained steady and tranquil.

The tenacity of the Starlight Level gave him great stamina.

This was something the big lizard didn’t anticipate.

Seeing that its prey was not getting exhausted as it had expected, the big lizard lurking in the shadow was first baffled, and then annoyed.

To it, who thought it was a cat playing with a mouse, this gave the feeling of being toyed with.

The big lizard suddenly quickened its pace.

With a much stronger power and a speed skill that had reached Waning Moon Level proficiency, the distance between it and Star began to narrow..@@novelbin@@