Chapter 169 - 119: Newbie Beast Master And Stray

Chapter 169: Chapter 119: Newbie Beast Master and Stray

Pet Beast_l

Translator: 549690339 |

“Welcome back next time-”

With a smile on his face, Xu Ran stood at the shop door and spoke to the guests outside.

“Boss Xu, your cleaning and care is truly amazing, I’ll come again next time!” A fashionable urban beauty, holding a petite pet beast with long fur in her arms, had a look of surprise on her face.

It was on a friend’s recommendation that she decided to give it a try. Unexpectedly, the cleaning and care of this shop were so magical, the effects for her pet were so much better than other shops.

No, there was simply no comparison.

In the future, she would definitely come often!

“Alright, you’re always welcome.”

Xu Ran nodded with a smile, watched the customer walk away, and then turned back to the shop.

“Hello…” A somewhat timid voice came from behind him, prompting Xu Ran to instinctively turn around.

The next moment, Xu Ran couldn’t help but frown.

It wasasomewhat refined-looking teenager holdingapet beast thatlooked like a piglet, about half a meter long, with long fur all around and a somewhat

restrained look on his face.

The reason Xu Ran frowned was because the neat-looking kid was wearing a clean white jacket, while this piglet-like pet beast was incredibly dirty.

The boy seemed quite unbothered by this, holding the pet beast so tightly that his white jacket was visibly dirtied.

After a long time in the care business, Xu Ran, who hadn’t been very particular, had gradually become a little finicky, so seeing this scene was a little difficu for him. He couldn’t help but want to grab this little pig and give it a thorough

cleaning.

Of course, this thought only lasted for a moment.

Xu Ran’s expression quickly returned to normal, he politely smiled and looked at the boy, “Hello, what can I do for you?”

-My name is Chen Xiyang, I became a Beast Master today!” The boy stumbled over his words, but seemed very excited to share the good news.

He didn’t notice the change in Xu Ran’s expression, he quickly continued, “I just registered at the Beast Master Association, where the staff recommen e that I get my pet beast cleaned and cared for.

“They recommended your shop, said it was expensive to clean here, but the effects were very good.” Chen Xiyang plucked up the courage, held his pet piglet in both hands and brought it to Xu Ran, “I have money, so could you help clean my pet beast?”

“Oink-”

The piglet pet beast wriggled its body and looked curiously towards Xu Ran. -Well, thanks for the staff member’s recommendation.” Xu Ran nodded silently, “Of course, we can clean it, come on in.

“Okay!”

Chen Xiyang tightly held the piglet again, which made Xu Ran’s eyebrows twitch again.

System identification, check.

[Race name: Pink Fluffy Pig

Attribute: Super ability

Growth stage: Transcendent Stage

Body size: Small size

Washing and Protection requirement: *****

Evaluation: This is a Pink Fluffy Pig that has never been cleaned since birtfr It’s time to let it feel the dexterity of the host’s hands and experience its first 1 e wash!]

Pink Fluffy Pig?!

A look of surprise crossed Xu Ran’s face.

Looking at this grey piglet covered in large patches of dirt and continually emitting a strange odor, he couldn’t associate it with the popular high-face

pet beast, the Pink Fluffy Pig.

From the time he got the system to now, Xu Ran was encountering a five-star washing and protection requirement existence for the first time.

What kind of situation could make a Pink Fluffy Pig like this?

Could it have been abused?

But judging by the behavior of this Beast Master, he didn’t seem like that kind of person. @@novelbin@@

Moreover, he said he had just contracted the Pink Fluffy Pig and became a Beast Master today.

Never mind, let’s start cleaning.

“I am going to clean your Pink Fluffy Pig now.” Xu Ran took the Pink Fluffy Pig from Chen Xiyang’s hands, “You can choose to accompany or wait in the rest area over there.”

“I choose to accompany!”

Chen Xiyang spoke without hesitation, his face filled with concern. Seeing Chen Xiyang’s response, Xu Ran became even more puzzled.

Soon the two of them, along with the pet, entered the grooming room. Chen Xiyang was amazed at the luxury of the grooming room, but soon sat down on a chair brought over by Xu Ran, focusing all his attention on his pet.

“Splash-”

The mixed bath dew, with just the right temperature, sprayed out from the showerhead, gently and evenly wetting the Pink Fluffy Pig all over.

Under the illumination of the light, the bath dew was clear and slightly pink. This was a result of incorporating various resources.

The bath dew quickly permeated the outer layer of the Pink Fluffy Pig s long fur. Flowing along the fur from the tip to the root, it moistened and removed the dirt on the surface before making intimate contact with the hair follicle . Streaming down along the gaps of the hair follicles and roots the baft dew gathered again in the drain of the care platform. The clear pink liquid had turned into a murky grey-black color.

The Pink Fluffy Pig’s body trembled suddenly.

Its initially curious eyes were now filled with a certain bewilderment.

A warmth it had never experienced since birth suddenly surged in its; heart The heat all around it seemed to place it into a warm embrace, and the shg tingling sensation brought by the water flow gave it a feeling of pleasure from the bottom of its heart.

This feeling…was so strange!

“Oink-”

The Pink Fluffy Pig’s body gently quivered, revealing a hint of affection as it voluntarily rubbed against Xu Ran’s large hand, slightly rough within its broadness, traveling through its fur.

[Received +25 Pleasure Value from Pink Fluffy Pig]

[Received +25 Pleasure Value from Pink Fluffy Pig]

[Received…]

He gently picked out the dirt that had clumped between the Pink Fluffy Pig’s fur for who knows how long. Though the dirt couldn’t be washed away by water, after being soaked it was no longer tenacious..