Chapter 165 - 117: Bones Of Thunderbolt Half Mountain_L

Chapter 165: Chapter 117: Bones of Thunderbolt Half Mountain_l

Translator: 549690339

“Boom!!!”

Accompanied by Ziyun’s light palm dropping, the abnormal rock wall turned into dust, revealing an empty and dark interior.

This seemed to be an entrance.

Xu Ran subtly raised an eyebrow.

It appeared that Ziyun’s feeling was correct, the mountain peak amidst the Thunderbolt was indeed abnormal.

Under the Night Hunting Pupil, nothing could hide within the dark cave. Xu Ran could clearly see that behind the cave entrance was a downward tunnel with no signs of manmade excavation.

As for the scene further inside, because the tunnel twists, it was temporarily unseen.

“Xi Lu Lu-” (“I can’t go in…”)

Star lowered its’s head and pokes it in, a moment later, it shook its head helplessly.

The entrance was only about two meters high, even narrower inside. Its body type simply couldn’t enter.

“Let me think…” Xu Ran looked around.

They had not walked far when Ziyun evolved earlier. To ensure they could support each other at any time, both Xu Ran and Star had been consciously circling this mountain.

Therefore, he was certain that there weren’t too many dangers nearby.

Temporarily leaving Star at the cave entrance could serve the role of a sentry. “You stay outside for now.” Xu Ran stroked Star’s mane, “Notify me through contractual sensing at the first sign of danger, and I’ll summon you to my side.”

“Ziyun and I will go in and see, we won’t stay for long.”

“Xi Lu Lu~” (“Understood!”)

Understanding Xu Ran’s meaning, Star nodded heavily. @@novelbin@@

It turned its back to the rock wall, its black pupils erected like a needle, as if a hunter in the night, discerning every rustle and bustle of wind.

With Ziyun in his arms, Xu Ran dismounted and took a deep breath, feeling the cave entrance that became dark again because the star chain was disconnected and he couldn’t use Night Hunting Pupil, “Next, let’s go in and see what’s inside!”

“Meow-” (“Follow me!”)

Ziyun nodded heavily, its strength had greatly increased, at this moment it was unprecedentedly confident.

Its heterochromatic pupils were faintly flashing purple lightning. Although it’s not a Dark Attribute Pet Beast, the cat’s natural night vision, which has been enhanced after awakening, was enough to deal with the situation in the cave. If Xu Ran can’t see in the dark, let it be Xu Ran’s eyes!

As the person and the pet carefully descended, occasionally the light of lightning burst around Ziyun. They quickly reached the twisted part of the passage.

The end of where Xu Ran’s vision could reach earlier was also here.

The following things became unknown.

The person and pet continued downwards. The rising electricity lit up part of the cave. However, their pace was noticeably slower.

“Wait, don’t light it up yet.” Xu Ran lowered his voice suddenly.

In the silent cave, his deep voice kept echoing, making it somewhat thrilling in the darkness.

“Meow-” (“Okay!”)

Ziyun condensed its power, and there was no longer lightning bursting from it.

The cave turned dark again.

But in front of the person and pet, there was a vague purple light.

“I didn’t see it wrong.” Seeing the light, Xu Ran nodded slightly, “There’s something ahead, let’s go check it out.”

“Ci La—” Amid the slight creaking sound, lightning reemerged.

Struggling to illuminate the cave, person and pet sped up and soon reached the place where the light was located.

That was the end of the passage. A hard rock blocked the passage, but a trace of purple light faintly penetrated through the crevices of the rock from the other side.

Ziyun already knew what to do.

It lifted its paw again, the horrifying power brewed in the palm, and then exploded as the palm touched the rock wall.

Just like before, the formidable force instantly turned the rock wall into dust. The faint purple light suddenly became a dazzling brilliance, forcing the person and pet who were already accustomed to the darkness to squint their eyes.

When they adapted to the environment of the light, both looked towards the source of light. Then, they both had a dazed look on their face.

That was…

That was!!!

In front of them was a spacious underground cavern. Inside the cavern, a terrifying beast nearly a hundred meters in size lay still.

It had dark purple fur all over its body. On its head were two purple giant angles like a cow’s. That slender tail of it also resembled a cow’s tail.

Eight hooves under its belly, six eyes that had lost their lustre, and markings around its body similar to thunder…

This was a terrifying creature… its remains.

Even though it had fallen and lost its life breath, Xu Ran could still feel the terrifying power remaining in the carcass.

This pressure far exceeded the strongest existence he had seen before—the

Red-eyed Demon Dragon in general stage.

This was… at least a king stage powerful creature during its lifetime!

Xu Ran couldn’t help but gasp and rubbed his numb cheek, “So, Uncle Liu was telling the truth?”

A powerful Thunder Attribute extraordinary creature indeed fell, and the remaining power formed Sky Thunder that kept attacking continuously! However, not the resource place mentioned earlier, but here!

“Meow!” (“Look there!”)

Ziyun’s gaze suddenly locked onto a certain part of the colossal being.

Xu Ran turned to look and his gaze slightly fixed.

That was the position of the creature’s heart, probably where its key vulnerabilities lied.

And there, a knife was inserted!

The knife didn’t look fancy and didn’t have much dazzling aura, it looked so insignificant compared to the giant beast..