Chapter 166 - 117 Skeleton Of Thunderbolt Half

Chapter 166: Chapter 117 Skeleton of Thunderbolt Half

Mountain_2

Translator: 549690339

Its size was comparable to that of ordinary weapons, most of its blade sunk into the giant beast’s body. Compared to the immense frame of the beast, the exposed hilt and a small part of the blade were so insignificant.

But…

The moment Xu Ran saw that knife, he was certain that it was the cause of the giant beast’s downfall!

A mere ordinary knife had killed such a terrifying transcendent creature?

So, how strong would the pet beast of that Beast Master be?

At this moment, the shock Xu Ran felt even surpassed that of his first sight of the giant beast.

“Do you think…” Looking at the knife, he murmured, “could this mountain overhead have been cleaved in half by this knife?” @@novelbin@@

“Meow-” (Possibly…)

Ziyun slowly nodded, equally shocked.

The bit of pride from having evolved into the King Species had vanished in that moment.

The giant beast before their eyes was at least a King Species, its growth stage was so terrifying yet it was killed by a stronger entity with a single strike, and died here.

His power was too weak.

“We are still far behind.” Xu Ran shook his head, quickly adjusting his mentality, and pointed at the light purple film enveloping the whole cave, blocking them, “Try and see if you can break through it and enter.”

The remains of such a powerful transcendent creature might be worth far more than what Xu Ran could imagine.

Thinking of the King Stage Blood Essence worth 800 Beast Master Points per drop, Xu Ran’s gaze began to glitter with greed.

And this was of the thunder attribute. If they could put it to good use, Ziyun’s resource needs would be taken care of for a long time.

The electric arcs running on the film gave him a sensation of heart palpitations. Xu Ran was certain that he himself couldn’t pass through this light film.

But perhaps Ziyun, who also had the thunder attribute, could have a chance.

“Meow!” (I will try!)

Understanding Xu Ran’s intentions, Ziyun’s eyes lit up as well.

It carefully approached and then extended a paw to touch the light film.

“Zi la—”

The sound of electric arcs exploding echoed in the cave, intense electric light burst from Ziyun’s paw.

Ziyun’s face showed a painful expression, but it managed to remain stable.

A milky white halo flashed by, and with the aid of superfast self-healing, the injuries Ziyun sustained were almost negligible.

Assured that the light film couldn’t threaten it, Ziyun relaxed completely and with a swift movement, passed through the energy light film of unknown origin.

“Bang—”

Seeing Ziyun being bounced back by the unexplained force within the light film and almost crashing against the rock wall behind, Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

Ziyun wasn’t able to penetrate it either…

Could this light film and the repelling force inside be some protective measures this transcendent creature prepared for itself before its fall?

It had fallen who knows how long ago, yet such measures could easily keep at bay the elite Stage-King Species Ziyun, wasn’t that power too outrageous?

Watching Ziyun persistently charging in and then being bounced back again, Xu Ran contemplated for a moment, and quickly summoned the star standing guard at the cave entrance via the Hexagram Star Array.

“Xi Lu…Lu!!”

The caterwauling of the star was cut off halfway. Seeing that giant beast, it widened its eyes in shock and couldn’t help but cry out.

“Don’t panic.” Xu Ran patted its shoulder to soothe it, briefly explained the situation, and said, “Let’s try again together.”

The star nodding in agreement, didn’t object to Xu Ran’s plan.

Xu Ran mounted the star, instantly linking up with it.

Black light film then enveloped Ziyun, boosting its already formidable power once again.

Star Chain + Twilight Watch.

This combination technique coupled with the strongest member of the team, Ziyun, was the best move Xu Ran could put forth at the moment.

“Meow!” (I am going in!)

The now stronger Ziyun regained confidence and, after letting out a fierce “meow,” charged into the light film without hesitation.

Five meters… Ten meters…

Ziyun’s speed became slower and slower, and finally, it hung in midair, as if wrestling with an invisible force.

In the end, it was still bounced back.

Perhaps because it had been struggling so hard, the rebound force this time was much stronger than before. Ziyun didn’t have time to adjust its posture before slamming heavily onto the rock wall behind it, leaving a cat-shaped dent in the wall.

Thirteen meters.

This was the maximum distance that Xu Ran and his two Pet Beasts could penetrate using all their tricks.

The closest part of the giant beast’s body was still more than fifty meters away from here.

“It seems our strength is not enough for now,” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, “Remember the location of this area for now. We will try again when our strength is greater.”

“Maybe when we break through the Leadership Stage, our strength will be enough?”

“Meow-” (Makes sense!)

Pulling itself out of the dent, Ziyun shook its head, and glared fiercely at the giant beast corpse lying peacefully on the ground.

It had a new goal for getting stronger.

Touch the corpse with its own power!

Finding nothing valuable other than the giant beast’s corpse, Xu Ran sent Star back to the cave and then returned the same way with Ziyun.

He blocked the entrance of the cave with some rocks, making it look untouched. Xu Ran patted his hands satisfyingly, “No one discovered this place before. It should not be discovered for some time.”

“Star, let’s return the way we came.”

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star gave a neigh, carrying Xu Ran and Ziyun, turning into a wandering soul in the night, moving quickly.

Half an hour later, they had returned to the location where they originally began to flee – the Resource Land.

Seeing the wild Super Creatures in the Resource Land that had regained order after failing to locate Ziyun, Ziyun lifted its head slightly, a hint of smirk in its eyes recalling its recent narrow escape.

“Meow???? ”

Accompanied by a long and solemn sound, an invisible suppression burst out from Ziyun in an instant, covering the Resource Land from a distance.

The previously noisy night became eerily quiet. Numerous wild Super Creatures looked around in panic, and the weaker ones directly fell to the ground, trembling with fear.

The power of a King, was truly terrifying.

A moment later, the power of the King dispersed. Seeing the Super Creatures scatter like birds, wanting to grow extra legs to escape faster, Ziyun nodded in satisfaction.

That’s for chasing me!

“You…” Xu Ran laughed helplessly, looking at the approaching dawn, he pulled out the map given by Zhang Yun, “They will be starting soon, let’s take a different route, bypass them, and go straight back to the city.”

“Everyone, buck up!”

Looking at the surrounding environment, Zhang Yun yelled, “We’re almost at the Resource Land. We have the advantage of situation this time, we must win!”

Members of the other Hunting Squads echoed in unison, they also understood the importance of this battle.

After a night of rest, both the Beast Masters and their Pet Beasts had reached their peak state and were ready for battle.

“Leader, do you think we will run into Xu Ran?” Yan Fan looked around and asked in a low voice.

“Although his strength is strong, it’s not that simple to take away what he wants under the watch of so many wild Super Creatures, right?”

“If we can’t beat him, we can still out run him. Believe in Boss Xu, he has his own measure.” Zhang Yun explained in a low voice, “If he hasn’t taken it yet, then after the fight, we can look out for him while distributing the spoils.”

“Did he say what resources he needed?”

The members of the Tiger Hunting Squad looked at each other, shaking their heads in unison.

“Never mind, let’s just fight first then talk.” Zhang Yun took a deep breath, his expression gradually turned serious.

“My old friend, time to give it our all in this battle.”

“Hiss-”

The Cold Scale Python lowered its head slightly and rubbed against Zhang Yun’s face. Its cold, vertical pupils stared in the direction of the Resource Land.

The other Pet Beasts in the team were ready for battle, ready to unleash their most powerful attacks at any time.

“Attack!”

Following Zhang Yun’s order, about forty Beast Masters, together with their Pet Beasts, entered the Resource Land in formation.

A moment later, they reached the heart of the Resource Land and saw the resources within their reach. They all wore bewildered expressions as if they had just woken up.

Was it that simple?!

On Sunday, I wrote twenty-four thousand words in one day. I was a bit overwhelmed, so I’ll pause my daily ten-thousand-word goal for a day. Only two updates today, still owe 29 additional updates, will continue to make it up

tomorrow.