Chapter 167 - 118: The Single Digit Balance Of

Chapter 167: Chapter 118: The Single Digit Balance of

PurplePauperCloud_l

Translator: 549690339

“Hello, Boss Xu. You’re back from your travels?”

“Yes!” Sitting on Star’s back, Xu Ran jovially waved at the neighboring shopkeeper who greeted him. “Just arrived. Time to open the shop.”

“You’ve just returned from a long journey and you’re not even resting. Boss Xu, you sure are diligent.” The shopkeeper next door sighed, then turned back to continue with his work. @@novelbin@@

“Xi Lu Lu~” (We’ve arrived!)

Seeing the familiar shop door, Star neighed and halted.

“We’re finally back.”

Dismounting, he opened the shop door and looked upon the familiar sight of his shop. A look of sentiment spread across Xu Ran’s face.

Having spent roughly a day in the area housing wild Super Creatures outside the city, then returning back to the peaceful city of humans, the contrast between the two was glaring.

The inner and outer realms divided by the towering city walls presented such a stark contrast.

This world, it truly is interesting.

Qingzhou City is just a fraction of the world’s map, yet having experienced the outside world twice and catching a glimpse of the powerful remnants left behind by the Giant Beasts, Xu Ran feels an even stronger desire to unravel the complete appearance of this world.

However, for the time being, the only thing he can do is manage his shop and enhance his strength.

“There are a few hours left before closing time. I’ll keep watch over the shop.” Xu Ran glanced at the hanging clock, “What about you two?”

“Xi Lu Lu!” (Training!)

“Meow-” (Training!)

Ziyun and Star spoke in unison.

With this latest experience leaving the city, Ziyun has set a greater goal while Star becomes increasingly anxious for evolution.

A day passed, a new one dawned providing another six hours for training. Certainly, it should not be wasted!

“Alright, but before you start training, there is something we need to do.” Xu Ran took out his cellphone and opened the points exchange page of the Beast Master Association.

“We discussed yesterday that our Beast Master Points are piling up. It’s necessary to convert a portion of them into resources to accelerate your cultivation.”

“So, choose the resources you both need as soon as possible!”

“Meow!” (Resources resources!)

Just as if she had seen delicious food after a day of hunger, Ziyun’s eyes sparkled. She sprang onto Xu Ran’s shoulder, looked down at the cellphone screen with an air of understanding.

After the previous resource allocation, Ziyun now has 1609 Beast Master Points and has completed her evolution. She was unlikely to evolve again in the short term, which means Ziyun could use these Beast Master Points solely to enhance her strength.

With the assistance of resources and extra points, her strength, which had already greatly increased due to evolution, could actually reach the peak of the elite level soon!

“Xi Lu Lu~” (I want to see, too!)

Star moved to Xu Ran’s back, drooping her head over Xu Ran’s other shoulder – mimicking what Ziyun did, observing the page with numbers diligently.

Unlike Ziyun, Star couldn’t use all her Beast Master Points solely for strength-enhancing resource exchange, she had to reserve some for her upcoming evolution.

Although Ziyun’s evolution only consumed just over a thousand points, considering that two of Evolution Resources were free, and Star’s subsequent Evolution Resources may not be as freely available, it was prudent that at least four thousand Beast Master Points should be reserved for evolution.

The good news, however, was that Star had accumulated 6793 Beast Master Points, none of which had been used yet. So even after deducting the points reserved for evolution, she still had more than Ziyun.

“The most common resource in the Association that can help enhance strength is this,” Xu Ran pointed to an item in the exchange list and looked sideways at the two pet beasts, “It’s called Universal Energy Cubes.

“It’s a batch-manufactured energy supplement using unique technology. Any pet beast of any attribute can use it. During training supplementation, it can quickly recover power and induce faster growth.”

“Apart from Universal Energy Cubes, there are also energy blocks with attributes.” Xu Ran paused for a moment and then opened another page, “Like these.”

“Their energy intensity is the same as Universal Energy Blocks. But because of the attribute distinction, the corresponding attribute pet beasts assimilate it more efficiently, though obviously, it’s more expensive.”

“The energy cubes for elite-level pet beasts are Intermediate Energy Cubes. The universal ones cost 10 points each, while single-attribute ones cost 12 points each.”

“Ziyun is now dual attribute, and such attribute energy cubes need to be custom made, so they cost 15 points each.”

“Which one do you two plan on exchanging?”

“Xi Lu Lu!” (I want to exchange for the ones with attributes!)

Star stated without hesitation.

Although each cube is two points more expensive, it seemed that the ones with attributes were clearly better. Besides, she has plenty of points, so there’s no need to be thrifty.

If she’s going to exchange, she might as well exchange for the best ones!

“Meow…” (Let me think…)

Ziyun looked a bit troubled.

Due to paying off her debt to Star, while she had evolved and strengthened, she had also become poor.

Apart from her 1609 Beast Master Points, she had no resources left.

Before the next allocation of resources, she would have to tighten her belt.

Because of the addition of the Fighting Attribute, the energy cubes suitable for her are 15 points each. But if she chooses Universal Energy Cubes, it’s only 10 points each..