Chapter 168 - 118: The Single Digit Balance Of Purplepaupercloud_2

Chapter 168: Chapter 118: The Single Digit Balance of PurplePauperCloud_2

Translator: 549690339

Ziyun flexed its claws, its expression gradually growing serious.

In this calculation, 30 points can be exchanged for three generic ones, but only two with attributes.

So expensive!

“Meow-” (Let’s get half of each…)

Ziyun struggled for a while before finally making a decision.

“Alright.” Seeing the cute look on Ziyun, Xu Ran sighed, “You don’t have to worry about how many energy blocks you need to exchange right now. After all, as I said just now, this is just the most common resource for power enhancement, not the only one.”

“Let’s start with Ziyun.” Xu Ran opened the resource exchange list for Thunder attribute and quickly pointed to a pendant-like resource, “This Blue Electric Liuh can constantly absorb the thunder energy in it and strengthen itself after being worn.”

“Not only during training, but even when eating, drinking, and sleeping, you can continue to become stronger with its help.”

“Meow!” (I want it!)

As soon as Ziyun heard it could become stronger even when sleeping, its eyes lit up.

This resource is perfect for it!

Among the resources that could be exchanged for the Thunder attribute, this is indeed the most suitable one for you.” Xu Ran nodded in agreement, then opened the details, “The exchange price is 400 Beast Master Points, and a regular elite Thunder attribute Pet Beast can absorb it for a month.”

However, I estimate that it will no longer be effective after you absorb it for half a month.”

“After all, you are a King Species, your absorption efficiency will be higher.”

400 points…

So expensive!

Ziyun, the poor beggar, covered its chest painfully, a look of helplessness written all over its face.

How many energy blocks could it exchange with these?

However, thinking that the next resource allocation would certainly have begun half a month later, Ziyun hesitated for a moment, and eventually gritted its teeth.

“Meow!” (Exchange it!)

“Then let’s look at this one next.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, then opened the exchange page for the Fighting attribute resources, pointing to a ring-like resource picture, “This is a Combatforce Strong Ring.”

“Compared to the Blue Electric Liuli just now, this resource has more functions.” Xu Ran paused for a moment, “First of all, it has a significant mass which can be used for weight training, increasing the wearer’s training efficiency.”

“Of course, this is its most common function.” Xu Ran smiled, “Like the Blue Electric Liuh, the energy in this resource can be naturally absorbed just by wearing it, strengthening the wearer.”

“Meow?” (How many Beast Master Points does it take to exchange this?) Hearing that it could be absorbed just by wearing it, Ziyun’s eyes lit up again. It just loves this kind of resource!

However, with the previous experience, this time Ziyun didn’t impulsively say that it wanted to exchange it right away, but cautiously asked about the price. “This resource, the exchange price is 120 points…”

“Meow!” (Exchange it!)

Hearing that it was much cheaper than the Blue Electric Liuli, Ziyun immediately spoke up.

“But…” Xu Ran’s tone changed, “It’s worn on the arms and feet, so you need to exchange for four at a time.”

Ziyun: (=u:^j

Damn it!

Four at 120 points each is…

Ziyun counted with its claws, and its expression visibly deflated. Adding the Blue Electric Liuli just now, it had already used up 880 points! Just exchanging these two items had already used up half of its points! “With these two resources aiding in the short term, you should be good to go. You can exchange for energy blocks now.” Xu Ran looked at Ziyun.

“Meow!” (Exchange them all!)

Ziyun took a deep breath and nonchalantly waved its paw.

“Half of each for the generic and dual attribute, right.” Xu Ran returned to the energy block page to start the exchange, “Exchanged 29 generic and 29 dual attribute energy blocks.”

“You have 4 points left.”

4 points…

Ziyun painfully covered its chest again, its expression once again turning gloomy.

Single digit!

This is all it has left now!

“Next, it’s Star’s turn.” Xu Ran patted Ziyun’s head in consolation, then turned to Star.

“Xi Lu Lu~” (Alright!)

Star nodded eagerly.

Originally, it thought that more than 2,000 points it could use wasn’t too little, but after seeing its elder sister’s exchanges, it suddenly felt a bit nervous.

Will my points be sufficient?

“You only have one attribute, but you can exchange for several dark attribute resources at the same time.” Xu Ran opened the exchange list for dark attribute resources and quickly pointed at a crescent-shaped black crystal-like resource.

“This is the most suitable resource I found for you.”

“Because it’s specially made for dark attribute horse-type pet beasts.” Xu Ran smiled, “There are only four of them in the Beast Master Association’s exchange list. You can collect a full set.”

“Dark attribute resource, Dark Horseshoes.”

“They can be fastened to your four hooves, merging naturally with your hooves as you run.”

“Its overall enhancement to power is quite average, but it can specifically enhance speed…”

“Xi Lu hi!” (I’ll take it!)

Just halfway through Xu Ran’s introduction, Star’s eyes had already completely

This resource is absolutely perfect for it!

No matter how many points it will spend, it wants to trade for this resource!

Then let’s trade.” Xu Ran helped Star make the selection, “Each Dark

Horseshoe costs 150 points, totaling 600 points.”

So expensive!

A twinge of pain flashed in Star’s eyes but was immediately replaced with determination.

Expensive, but worth it!

“Next, let’s talk about this one.” After completing the exchange, Xu Ran quickly pointed at another resource shaped like a black pearl necklace in the dark attribute exchange list, “The dark attribute resource is the Eternal Night Pearl.” “It’s a resource made by a transcendent shell creature of the dark attribute, and it’s very simple to use – to wear it, like the two pieces that Ziyun just traded.” “Except that its absorption has a limitation, it can only be absorbed by the wearer in a dark environment.”

“Because of this limitation, its price is a bit cheaper, you just need 300 points.”

“Xi Lu!” (Trade!)

Star nodded firmly.

Dark environment?

Whether it’s the environment in the Dark Attribute Training Area or the living area Xu Ran set up for it in the Foster Area, both are dark environments.

So for Star, this kind of restriction is not really a problem.

There is another suitably dark attribute resource here.” Xu Ran nodded Slightly, traded for the previous Eternal Night Pearl, then made a few more swipes on the screen and pointed to another, “Dark Velvet Carpet.” “When you’re sleeping, place it beneath you to enhance your power absorption and assist in a peaceful sleep. Unlike other resources, the energy of this item is strong and well-preserved, not easily dissipating. It can be used for three months and, therefore, it’s more expensive.”

“Only this one piece costs 800 points, which is almost the equivalent of the

Thunder Attribute King Stage Blood Essence that Ziyun had earlier.”

So expensive?!

Star hesitated unprecedentedly for a moment.

The two previous dark attribute resources had already cost him 900 points.

Adding this one would lead to a total of 1700 points.

In this case, only around a thousand points would be left for use.

However,… considering that this resource can be used for three months, Star seemed to find its price somewhat reasonable.

“Xi Lu!” (Get it!)

In the end, Star gritted its teeth, deciding to trade for it.

“Okay.” Xu Ran smiled.

Ziyun and he sleep in their warm bed on the second floor every night, which, compared to Star’s sleep environment, is much better.

Although Xu Ran layered it with soft and comfortable hay, this Dark Velvet

Carpet seemed to be more appropriate for Star.

“Apart from these three, other resources are not so suitable for you.” Xu Ran glanced at Star, “Next, you can exchange for Energy Blocks.”

“Xi Lu Lu!” (Exchange 80 dark attribute Energy Blocks!)

Star already had a plan in mind regarding how to exchange for Energy Blocks.

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, after exchanging he looked at Star, “You have 4133 points left.”

At the moment when Star’s balance was announced, Ziyun cast an envious look at it.

Little brother is so rich!

“Both of your resources have been traded.” Xu Ran completed the exchange promptly, “Based on the previous situation, they should be delivered to our store tomorrow.” @@novelbin@@

“Alright, you two go train.”

“Xi Lu Lu!”

“Meow-”

Seeing both pet beasts rushing full of energy towards the back door, Xu Ran smiled as he opened the shop door.

Open for business! Today is another day to strive for Pleasure value!