Chapter 160 - 114 - The Lone Traveler In The

Chapter 160: Chapter 114 – The Lone Traveler in the

Moonlit Night_2

Translator: 549690339

“What are you doing?!” As the electric light suddenly shot out, Song Chen’s expression turned horrified.

“Zizi???? ”

“Gah!l!”

The electric light brushed past Song Chen’s head, then hit the ground hard behind him.

A pitch-black and sinister ghostly shadow emerged for a moment, writhing in pain in the electric light, and then completely disappeared in smoke.

It was the black lizard that had just self-detonated. It wasn’t completely dead and almost fooled everyone by using a trick akin to slipping out of its old shell.

“He…he…”

Pale with the fright subsiding, Song Chen felt his legs go weak and just slumped down on the spot.

“It’s done, it’s solved.”

Xu Ran patted Ziyun in his arms, his eyes returned to normal as he released the Star Chain, then smiled at Liu Gu sitting on the side, “Everyone can sleep peacefully now.”

The corner of Liu Gu’s mouth twitched slightly.

How do you act like nothing happened at all?!

“Okay, let’s quickly get to our camp.”

The corner of Zhang Yun’s mouth also twitched. He was amazed by Xu Ran’s power, but looking at the sky, he knew they couldn’t delay any longer.

The other teams also gradually came back to their senses. Although they occasionally cast strange glances at Xu Ran, they didn’t delay the main task and set off one after the other.

Even Song Chen, whose legs had softened from fear, got up with the help of others in his team, glanced at Xu Ran, then set off without uttering a word.

Soon, the crowd vanished on the spot.

About ten minutes after everyone had left, dark shadows on the ground began to lengthen, as though some power was being drawn from them and then converging.

A black lizard, several sizes smaller, quickly took shape, its eyes filled with terror as it looked in the direction the crowd had left.

That was close!

Had it not been for its life-saving skill approaching the Waning Moon Level, forciibly abandoning most of its power in a moment of crisis, and adopting a more secure hiding method, it might have indeed fallen there. @@novelbin@@

That human…

As Xu Ran’s image flashed in his mind, terror gradually faded from the black lizard’s eyes, replaced by resentment and ferocity.

He must die!

The figure of the black lizard vanished back into the shadows, its destination unknown.

“We’ve finally arrived at the camp.”

Zhang Yun sighed with relief looking at the darkening sky.

This campsite was chosen in advance for its advantageous terrain and rare water sources available outside the city, capable of both defending against wild super creatures’ attacks and providing hydration.

Everyone fetched water, tested that it was safe for drinking then rest, they set up camp and prepared food methodically.

“Here! Try this, Boss Xu!” Du Heng took out a large piece of dried meat from his backpack and handed it to Xu Ran, “My wife is very good at making this, it tastes really good!”

“Thank you.” Xu Ran smiled and took a bite.

The dried meat was firm and chewy, not too hard on the teeth, with just the right amount of salt. It was indeed delicious.

“Try mine, homemade pancake. It tastes even better when it’s cold!” Liu Xue laughed as she handed over a pancake to Xu Ran.

It wasn’t convenient to start a fire in a camp, but the people of the Tiger Hunting Squad were experienced and had prepared various types of food that were still delicious when cold.

This made Xu Ran, inexperienced and only armed with biscuits and bread to stave off hunger, couldn’t help but marvel.

After settling down, the sky plunged completely into darkness. A bright crescent moon hung in mid-air. The quiet night was only filled with the sounds of insects.

Xu Ran took a sip from his water canteen and then hung it around his waist, looking at the Tiger Hunting Squad preparing for rest.

He knew it was time to part ways.

He chose to follow the Tiger Hunting Squad because he knew them better, and they had extensive experience in wilderness survival, which could help him avoid detours.

But really traveling together made him realize it wasn’t as perfect as he had imagined.

Because there were other teams here too.

He wasn’t familiar with these teams, and due to Song Chen’s instigation, some of them were already unfriendly to him. After showing his abilities, these people would probably be even more wary of him.

Xu Ran was set on getting the Heart of the Thunder Stone. If he continued to travel with everyone, acquiring the resources later might cause trouble for the Tiger Hunting Squad.

Or better yet, take it first, since they all think that the power of the mighty Thunder Attribute Super Creatures has dissipated after their fall. Let them go on believing it as such.

“Captain Zhang, everyone, I should go now,” Xu Ran softly began.

The Tiger Hunting Squad’s five members look over, faces full of surprise.

“Where could you be going at such a dark night?” Liu Gu lowered his voice, addressing his concerns, “Is it because of that Song Chen? You can rest assured, he won’t dare to mess with you again.”

“It’s not exactly because of him.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, after a moment of hesitation, he decided to reveal the truth.

“Actually, the reason I joined was because I wanted a resource from the resource spot. If I were to take it in front of others, it might cause trouble for all of you.”

“But on such a dark night, you…” Liu Xue hurriedly started.

“Enough.” Zhang Yun interrupted Liu Xue’s words with a deep voice. After pondering for a moment, he walked over to Xu Ran and handed over a rolled-up map. “Take this.”

“I have marked all the dangers on the way from here to the resource spot.”

“Be careful on the road.”

Xu Ran took the map after making eye contact with Zhang Yun, “Thank you.”

Watching Xu Ran mount his horse and disappear quietly into the night, Liu Xue was worried, “Captain, why did you let him go?”

“Did you forget how strong Xu Ran is?” Zhang Yun shook his head helplessly, “His horse is a Dark Attribute Pet Beast, that cat is so strong that it could take on our entire squad.”

“He would be fine traveling at night as long as he is careful not to run into any beings at the Leadership Stage, there’s not much danger.”

Looking at the still somewhat worried crowd, Zhang Yun said with profound meaning.

“Tigers, they always walk alone.”

“Damn, why is there a group of tigers here?!”

As Xu Ran was sitting on Star with Zi Yun in his arms, he occasionally looked back at the several Black Tigers who were doggedly chasing them using his Night Hunting Pupil. His expression was the picture of misery.

“At least they can’t keep up with Star.” Xu Ran sighed with relief, followed by his expression darkening. “I was supposed to have avoided their area.” “Meow-” (Should I go beat them up?)

Zi Yun seemed eager as it looked behind.

It felt that it could annihilate these big tigers with just one Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound.

“Nevermind that, the commotion would be too big.” Xu Ran took a look at the map Zhang Yun had given him in the light of his flashlight. The map specifically indicated not to make too much noise deep inside the night, otherwise more Wild Super Creatures would be attracted.

After a moment of crazy running, the several Black Tigers seemed to be running low on stamina, gradually decreasing their speed, and were left far behind by Star. Eventually, they reluctantly chose to give up.

“We also have to pass through four Wild Super Creatures concentration areas.” Xu Ran pointed at the route on the map, speaking with a low voice, “This time we should take a detour.”

Earlier he was not careful enough, and only kept about a kilometer distance from a Wild Super Creatures’ concentration area, just enough to cross paths with a group of Black Tigers on a hunt.

This time he will keep a distance of five kilometers, there should not be any problems then.

Turning off the flashlight, Xu Ran and his two pets completely melted into the night under the influence of the Night Song, moving towards their destination as fast as they could.

“It seems that it is there.”

Quite quickly, the trio’s speed slowed down.

Ahead, was the location of the resource spot indicated on the map.

Through the Night Hunting Pupil, Xu Ran could already see a great number of Wild Super Creatures moving around in the resource spot.

These should be the creatures Liu Gu mentioned before, the ones that had entrenched themselves in the resource spot.

Similarly, through the Night Hunting Pupil, Xu Ran could see a rather strong Fluctuation of Thunder Power hiding inside the ground at the center of the resource spot.

Although he was not sure what it was, if everything goes as expected… that should be the thing he has been longing for.

“Ziyun, you must draw these Super Creatures away!”

“Meow-” (Leave it to me!)

Ziyun nodded seriously.

It knew that not far ahead was the last main material it needed for evolution.

Silently landing on the ground, Zi Yun moved silently towards another location without making a single noise. After it had left Xu Ran and Star, it suddenly erupted with its majestic power. The cracking thunder attracted the eyes of all Wild Super Creatures.

Then, the moment when a group of Wild Super Creatures pounced on it, Zi Yun’s body flashed and it disappeared from its location.

Run!