Chapter 164 - 116: The Strength Of The King

Chapter 164: Chapter 116: The Strength of the King

Species_2

Translator: 549690339

After watching Ziyun’s display thoroughly, it seemed Xu Ran had discerned something.

When Ziyun made that move, in addition to the thunder attribute power, there was also an outburst of another powerful force.

That was… the power of the Fighting Attribute!

Because it possesses both Thunder and Fighting Attributes, the original display of the skill has undergone some changes, and apparently, even the name of the skill has changed…

An understanding dawned on Xu Ran’s face.

Then, his expression stiffened slightly.

Wait! There’s a problem!

The Destruction Thunder Claw, or the original Annihilatory Thunder Palm, was not a talent skill of Ziyun, but a skill gained through teaching.

Only innate skills, which are closely related to one’s potential, would change along with evolution, so why would skills learned afterwards also change?

Unless… this skill is no longer an acquired one.

Recalling that one seemingly inexplicable requirement in the evolution conditions: an additional three-star skill is required, Xu Ran gradually formed a hint of enlightenment.

During the evolution process, acquired three-star skills would transform into additional innate three-star skills, serving as an enhancement to one’s potential?

“Let’s try the Fighting Body again!” Xu Ran suggested to Ziyun to continue.

After considering the Destruction Thunder Claw just now, he had some speculations about the change in this skill.

Watching Ziyun swiftly moving around with powerful and invisible energy emanating from its body, Xu Ran’s face showed an expression of “Just as I thought”.

Compared to the previous Battle Body, the current Fighting Body didn’t appear much different, but all sorts of attacks that relied on the body had become more robust.

The change was brought about by the Fighting Attribute.

Originally as a Common Skill, the Battle Body, which had no attribute, had transformed into a Fighting Attribute Skill at this moment.

Apart from the changes in the three-star skills, two new two-star skills were also worth noticing.

[★★ Heartfelt Strike]

[★★Falling Thunder]

The former was quite a well-known skill in the Fighting Attribute, offering a certain probability of inflicting more significant damage by hitting the opponent’s weak spot, and the rate increases with the proficiency level.

The latter was a long-range single-target skill from the Thunder Attribute, with a particular weather effect – it could summon a thundercloud to strike enemies from afar.

Appearing during the evolution, undoubtedly, these were also new talent skills of Ziyun.

They are set to become better and more powerful in the future.

“For your talent skills to increase from three to seven, your future evolution journey is not going to be easy.” Caressing Ziyun’s head who came back to his arms, Xu Ran chuckled, “But it’s still too early to speak of that.”

“Meow!” (I will certainly work hard!)

Ziyun nodded heavily. After tasting the sweetness of evolution, its heart was bursting with vigor. It dared not dream how powerful it would become after another evolution in the future!

Therefore, no matter how challenging the next evolution would be, it would strive its utmost!

“Good enthusiasm.”

Xu Ran nodded satisfactorily, then gently patted Star.

Ever since Ziyun emerged in its brand new form, Star had been looking at Ziyun with envious eyes.

Ziyun’s powerful form back then deeply imprinted in Star’s heart, making it yearn for evolution like never before.

“I will help you get the evolution path.” Xu Ran’s voice softened a bit.

Whether it’s the next ten continuous draws, or the ones after that, Xu Ran believed that the time to get the King Species Evolution Route again wouldn’t be too far off.

“Let’s go, we should head back.” Xu Ran said slowly as he looked at the sky.

The purpose of their outing was to acquire the Heart of the Thunder Stone.

Not only was it accomplished now, but Ziyun had also completed its evolution smoothly, essentially exceeding the accomplishment of the task.

“I can’t believe that lizard actually helped us out,” he couldn’t help but sigh at the play of fate. “If they hadn’t chased us, we wouldn’t have blindly stumbled into an unknown area, nor would we have found a suitable rock wall.”

Even though they were in an unknown region, Xu Ran was not too worried.

Now that he thought about it, the chase from the big black lizard had followed a specific trajectory. The creature apparently knew the local environment well, and as they were pursued, they encountered no other Transcendent Beings.

Therefore, he felt confident that if they were careful and retraced their escape route, they would face no significant problems.

Even if they encountered a Transcendent Being, they could easily fend it off with Ziyun’s present strength.

Liu Gu had once mentioned that the further they ventured from the city, the stronger the Transcendent Beings they encountered. Different Growth Stages of Transcendent Beings occupied varying territories, and the hierarchy was clear-cut.

Through some details, Xu Ran deduced that they were still within the area where Elite Stage Transcendent Beings were found. It was highly unlikely they would encounter Leadership Stage beings. The lizard from earlier was somewhat unusual, its power outclassing the typical Elite Stage beings. It was probably the local hegemon.

Ziyun could handle ten such opponents!

“Speaking of…” Xu Ran turned to look at the mountain that was continuously bombarded with sky thunders and looked as if it had been halved by a divine blade, “I didn’t expect that within this small peripheral area of the city, there would be two places with Thunder Glow Stones.” @@novelbin@@

“The sky thunder here is so strong, the Thunder Glow Stone might soon form the Heart of the Thunder Stone.” Xu Ran grinned, “We can mark this place and return to collect it once the thunder cloud disperses.”

“Although Ziyun doesn’t need to evolve anymore, it is a good thing and it would definitely boost its strength,” Xu Ran said, his face full of anticipation.

The resources provided by the system for feeding were just enough to fill their belly. If they wanted to increase their strength rapidly, they would have to find a way on their own.

The Heart of the Thunder Stone, huh…

Ziyun, curled up in Xu Ran’s arms, couldn’t help but lift its head to look at the mountaintop illuminated by the thunderstorm.

In its mind, the moment it stepped onto the summit came to life.

Back then, through continuous rock climbing, it had tapped into all its strength, successfully guiding the Power of the Fighting Attribute into its body, transforming it into its own power. Under the continuous bombardment of sky thunder, it gradually tamed the restless Thunderforce.

But once it stepped onto the summit and began the evolution, it was still a very difficult process.

It felt as if each part of its flesh and every inch of its bone was being torn apart, after which new strength filled it.

It was visibly growing stronger, but it also had to endure unimaginable pain.

This process of evolution lasted for a long time. Worried about Xu Ran and Star who were still in danger, Ziyun grew increasingly anxious.

Then, as though some power had heard its plea, it flowed into Ziyun’s body from all around, silently accelerating the evolution process.

It was due to this that Ziyun completed its evolution before the lizard got close to Xu Ran and arrived just in time, like a deus ex machina.

Ziyun faintly felt that there was something related to it in the half-remaining mountain.

It wasn’t the presence of the Heart of the Thunder Stone, but something else.

Looking at Xu Ran who saw this thunderstorm solely as a beacon for the Thunder Glow Stone, Ziyun hesitated slightly before sharing what it felt.

“Meow!”

With a squeal, Star quickly halted its steps.

“You said that mountain might be peculiar?” Xu Ran, who signaled Star to stop, looked once again at the mountain which was as if it had been cut in half, deep in thought.

Upon reflection, the shape of that mountain was indeed strange.

Though the city’s surroundings had various peculiar areas due to the residue of Transcendent Powers, Xu Ran had seen quite a few on the way.

Compared with other places, this mountain seemed to be an oddity in its own right.

“If so, shall we explore this mountain in more detail?” Looking at the two eager pet beasts, Xu Ran came to a decision.

Star slowly approached the rock wall that Ziyun had climbed previously, raised its head and saw that the thunder cloud above was split in half by the straight and steep mountain, making it seem as if only half the sky remained.

With the Night Hunting Pupil activated, nothing in the darkness could escape the eyes of Xu Ran and Star.

After a while, they stopped at an inconspicuous corner of the rock wall.

“This place… is it hollow?”