Chapter 162 - 115: Ziyun Evolution!!!_2

Chapter 162: Chapter 115: Ziyun Evolution!!!_2

Translator: 549690339

“This guy, can’t be trifled with.”

Xu Ran’s face darkened, and his expression quickly turned serious.

Star, who had also sensed the danger, was strenuously striding forward with four hooves, attempting to accelerate further. But his limited power meant that he could not shake off the Big Lizard that was gradually catching up from behind, and could only watch helplessly as it got closer.

“Meow!” (I’ll stop it!)

Ziyun turned its head in a hurry, with fierce light flickering in its eyes.

“No.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, “You can’t block it either…”

“Boom!!!”

A thunderclap abruptly cut off Xu Ran’s words.

What’s happening?!

Another bolt of lightning, like the divine spear of a god thrusting into the earth, shattered the firmament and instantly illuminated the distant scene.

That is…

A trace of astonishment appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

He saw a half-mountain that was abruptly massive and piercing the sky!

One side of the mountainside was as steep as a knife’s edge, while the other side was much gentler, looking like half of a mountain.

At the summit of the mountain, dark thunderclouds concealed the stars and the moon, and bright purple thunder snakes danced wildly amongst the clouds!

“One thousand meters…” Xu Ran muttered under his breath, “This mountain is definitely a thousand meters high…Star!!!”

“Xi Lu Lu!” @@novelbin@@

With a neigh, Star, like a dark shadow in the night, strained to keep his speed at its maximum and sprinted towards the half-mountain!

“Ziyun, do you know how to climb now?” As the half-mountain was getting closer, Xu Ran spoke softly.

“Meow!” (I know!)

Ziyun nodded heavily, and a sharp light flashed in its eyes.

In its mind, it remembered the searing pain of falling off the cliff time and time again in the past week. That was the price it paid for mastering rock climbing!

“Well then…” Xu Ran took out several resources and fed them to Ziyun. He finally broke off a corner of the newly acquired Heart of the Thunder Stone and poured the liquid that looked like thunder magma into Ziyun’s mouth. Then, he threw it forcefully towards the cliff that was right in front of them.

“Star, change direction!” Xu Ran shouted loudly, moving swiftly away from the cliff.

He took a gamble, hoping that the little lizard hadn’t tagged Ziyun.

“This time, good luck to us!”

“Meow!!!”

Tremendous energy burst out in Ziyun’s body, and electricity wildly surged around him. He let out a painful roar, instinctively extending his sharp claws.

“Swoosh!”

The hard rock wall was as soft as tofu in front of his sharp claws, easily cut into, securely anchoring his trembling body to the rock wall.

As various resources exploded in Ziyun’s body, they churned against each other like perpetual enemies, violently rushing inside Ziyun’s body as if it were a battlefield.

“Crack…”

The crisp sound of bones resounded from Ziyun’s body, which was gradually twisted by an inexplicable force, convulsing continuously due to the pain.

Bearing the pain, Ziyun extended his front paws and firmly inserted them into the rock wall, taking his first step with their aid.

Just as if a channel had been opened in a flood, a minuscule portion of the wild energy in Ziyun’s body was guided into the paw he had just extended!

Acute to this subtle change amid excruciating pain, Ziyun was greatly encouraged deep down. Enduring the pain, it firmly took another step.

The third time… the fourth time…

Climbing the rock wall!

Only by reaching the top could evolution occur!

Ziyun kept encouraging itself, as if it were a tiny boat in a storm. Despite constantly facing the danger of capsizing, it always steadily climbed upwards because it had an unwavering goal.

Fifty meters… a hundred meters… a hundred and fifty meters…

There came a time when Ziyun’s body stopped emitting horrifying bone-breaking sounds, and it was no longer twisted by that inexplicable force.

With each coordinated exertion of every part of its body during climbing, that inexplicable force was gradually guided, digested bit by bit, eventually permeating into every bone and muscle of Ziyun, into every inch of its body, flesh, and bones.

New changes quietly happened in Ziyun’s body.

New powers stealthily awakened under Ziyun’s muscles and bones.

It was a transcendent power distinct from the thunder attribute.

That was… the power of the fighting attribute!

However, when this power tried to spread, it encountered fierce retaliation from another force.

It was the boundless thunderforce that Ziyun swallowed but had not fully absorbed!

The blood essence of the Thunder King Stage and the Thunder Glow Stone’s Heart, refined from Infinite Thunder, merged inside Ziyun’s body, turning into a horrifying thunder beast, brutally crashing inside its body, causing rampant destruction.

The thunder attribute was resisting, attempting to obliterate the nascent fighting attribute.

And the strength of the fighting attributes comes from within itself, thus, the violent thunder attributes had to grind down Ziyun’s body altogether!

The overwhelming life force surged in Ziyun’s wounded body, repairing the broken body, but unable to bridge this pain.

Uncontrolled lightning leaped around Ziyun’s body, and its body trembled violently.

“Boom!!!”

At this moment, a Thunder from the sky came down, seemingly drawn by an invisible force, in the blink of an eye it changed direction in the air, and struck straight at Ziyun’s body!

Immersed in the thunderlight, the trembling of Ziyun stopped.

“Star, faster!”

Xu Ran stared hard at the black lizard slowly approaching him from behind, now less than a kilometer away.

Just as he suspected, that little lizard’s target was him. Therefore, after parting ways, Ziyun, who was undergoing an evolution ceremony, was completely ignored by these two lizards, one big and one small.

However, this put both of them in danger.

In order to keep Star in top condition, Xu Ran used the Energy Abundant Potion outside of training for the first time.

Then the Energy Abundant Potion could only give Star limitless physical strength, it was incapable of increasing its speed even slightly based on its already extreme capabilities.

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star let out a resounding cry full of fighting spirit, with eyes still firm.

Run!

Keep running!

By all means, you must hold on until the big sister has finished evolving!

In the desperate situation, a new force emerged from Star’s body.

Its speed, which had already reached the limit, increased a little due to this.

This is…

Feeling the new response from Ziyun, Xu Ran abruptly turned his head to look at the thunder light that fell on the mountainside not far away.

As the Sky Thunder faded, Ziyun’s body’s surface layer was charred. The cracked skin oozed dark red blood, which quickly healed under the tremendous life force.

However, it felt an unprecedented sense of exhilaration.

It felt that the Thunder beast rampaging inside its body had stopped!

The power of the Heart of the Thunder stone originated from Sky Thunder.

And the Sky Thunder also became the most feared power of the Heart of the Thunder stone.

Therefore, at the moment of its birth, it can’t wait to scatter the Sky Thunder.

But now, inside Ziyun’s body, it once again felt the power that it dreaded.

It began to succumb, it began to shrink.

“Meow!” (Again!)

Ziyun struggled to climb upward, its heterochromatic eyes were still bright, staring at the Thunder cloud in the sky.

As if it had been provoked, one after another, Sky Thunder struck Ziyun.

The injuries on Ziyun’s body became more severe, even the abundant life force provided by the Life Dewdrop, the healing speed was struggling to keep up.

But feeling the Thunder inside gradually being subdued, Ziyun did not think of stopping at all.

A gentle white light flashed on the injuries on its body surface.

If the Life Dewdrop is not enough, then…

Two stars Skills, Starlight Level Superfast Self-healing!

Facing the wrath coming down from the sky, Ziyun stubbornly moved upward.

Closer…even closer!

At the end of its sight, it saw the top of the mountain!

“Do you feel it?” Riding on Star’s back, watching the increasingly approaching big lizard, Xu Ran’s face revealed a smile.

He felt a powerful force feeding back to him through his contract with Ziyun, and bestowing upon Star through his Star Chain, continuously adding new power to it.

“It’s almost over.”

As Xu Ran’s words fell, a dazzling electrical light shot over from the distant peak.

An invisible majesty swept across the world, as if a king had arrived, revealing the figure of the big lizard and casting a suspicious look around.

The next moment, a paw enveloped in thunder flame covered its head, the terrifying Thunderforce exploded in an instant, tearing apart both the big and small lizards, along with the dark night.

Three thunders on the forehead split into one, both shoulders dragged the mark of electric light, its fluffy long tail was like a cloud, while its body length became smaller, the brand new form was reflected in Xu Ran’s pupils.

“This is… the Flash Thunder Cat?”