Chapter 177 - 123: B Level Drug Application! _1

Chapter 177: Chapter 123: B Level Drug Application! _1

Translator: 549690339 I

In the end, Zhang Heyear did not directly agree to Xu Ran’s proposal.

Although as a Leadership Level Beast Master he did have a say in the Beast Master Association, job responsibilities varied. He was in charge of transporting resources, so he couldn’t make a decision about this matter on the spot.

After promising Xu Ran that he would report back to the Association for it to deliberate on the matter, Zhang Heyear mounted his golden eagle and disappeared from the scene in a flash.

Only Xu Ran and Boss Cat were left, and the atmosphere was more relaxed, no longer awkward.

“Ok, let’s start by getting you groomed.”

Xu Ran smiled at Boss Cat in a friendly manner, “For the next few days, you can bring your stray pet beasts here every afternoon for grooming.”

Although these stray pet beasts without a Beast Master couldn’t get him Pleasure values, after hearing Boss Cat’s and the stray pet beasts’ stories, Xu Ran felt moved.

Just considered it as doing some good deeds occasionally.

After all, hadn’t Ziyun also been a member of this group of strays before?

“Meow-”

Boss Cat nodded heavily, following closely behind Xu Ran, heading for the Grooming Room.

Excitement and joy filled its eyes.

Having arranged for the grooming, it felt like it had finally fulfilled the promise it had made to the other stray pet beasts.

And it very much looked forward to its own grooming session.

Before its Beast Master died, it had experienced his tender care. Finally, it could once again experience the sensation of being groomed.

In the Grooming Room, Xu Ran helped Boss Cat to remove its clothes and pouch, setting them in a corner of the grooming tool table, “I’ll help you wash these later too.”

“Meow-”

Boss Cat meowed appreciatively, then obediently lay upon the care platform.

“Splash-”

Soon, water gently sprayed from the showerhead, evenly wetting Boss Cat’s fur.

The Fighting-Attribute resources included in the Bath Dew nourished and relaxed its tense body while wetting its fur. They flowed from the ends of its fur to the roots then carried away the dirt, running down the surface of its body and gathering in the pool below.

Boss Cat’s fur was about the length of a knuckle and after it got wet, it clung to its skin. Its muscular figure became more prominent, looking visibly smaller.

“Meow-”

Boss Cat closed its eyes comfortably, a contented look on its face.

Wrapped in the warmth, it felt like it was in a warm embrace, a sense of security and warmth it hadn’t felt in a long time welled up in its heart.

It hadn’t felt like this since its Beast Master, who it had depended on, died. @@novelbin@@

Xu Ran waited for a while, but when he didn’t see a prompt about Pleasure values, he realized that Boss Cat didn’t have a Beast Master anymore, qualifying it as a stray pet beast.

He wasn’t used to it yet.

He chuckled silently to himself, then after completely wetting Boss Cat’s body, he started to prepare for the next step of the Washing and Protection work.

Both Boss Cat and Ziyun were cat-type pet beasts with Fighting attributes, however, Boss Cat was entirely different from Ziyun. Under its fur was a robust body; its bulging muscles were explosive Power.

After circling around it once, Xu Ran quickly identified where to start the next step of the Washing and Protection work.

He poured the massage oil he was holding onto Boss Cat’s tense back and gently spread it evenly over the skin.

Then, Xu Ran made a chopping motion with one hand and placed it on the edge of Boss Cat’s most protruding back muscle, while the other hand, clenched into a fist, was pressed against the center of the same muscle.

His hands gradually increased the pressure and moved slowly downwards.

The previously relaxed Boss Cat suddenly opened its eyes.

It felt waves of unprecedented pleasure radiating from the muscle Xu Ran was pressing, and as Xu Ran moved his fist with steady force, the pleasure intensified.

As if electricity was flowing through its body, the muscle Xu Ran was pressing suddenly tightened and then twitched slightly.

Simultaneously, an unusual sound, somewhat uncertain, issued from Boss Cat’s throat with some difficulty.

“Meowu-”

“Alright, it’s finished.”

Xu Ran put the money he had taken back into the cleaned and dried pouch and then helped the somewhat dazed Boss Cat to put it around its waist, patting its shoulder.

As for the clothes, since they were too old and worn, Xu Ran had asked Boss Cat’s opinion and just threw them away.

“Meow-”

Boss Cat observed its body in motion.

The feeling that had been somewhat uncomfortable but also somewhat pleasurable during the muscle massage was now entirely gone. In return, there was an unprecedented feeling of lightness.

The relaxed muscles tensed quickly with Boss Cat’s movements and then relaxed again. On its large body, it revealed an unexpected agility.

It was completely over the feeling of stiffness of the muscles it had when it first came here. The muscles no longer looked exaggerated. Luscious curves embellished its body; power surged inside of it like lava ready to erupt, making anyone’s heart race.

The smooth fur flowed with the texture of the muscles; under the light, it reflected a glow, enhancing the curves of the muscles and making Boss Cat look much more attractive.

The beauty of Power was fully displayed on its body.

“Look, are you satisfied with the result after grooming?” Xu Ran pointed to the mirror inside the grooming room.

“Meow?”

This is me?