Chapter 171 - 120 Gu Wu’S Shock_L

Chapter 171: Chapter 120 Gu Wu’s Shock_l

Translator: 549690339

[Extra Chapter 6/10 for Silver League user Sunlighti3i4]

Although Gu Wu was a step too late, Xu Ran had already obtained the Heart of the Thunder Stone and even successfully evolved Ziyun.

However, resources like the Heart of the Thunder Stone are always welcomed in abundance, so when Gu Wu came with information, Xu Ran naturally did not mind learning about it.

“Senior Gu, you’ve gone to great trouble.”

Xu Ran spoke sincerely, feeling even more moved when he thought about how a General Level Beast Master like the other party still remembered his need for resources.

“I didn’t actively look for it for you, it was merely a coincidence,” Gu Wu shook his head slightly with a hint of a smile on his face, “I mentioned two ways to obtain the Heart of the Thunder Stone before, do you remember?”

“Of course.” Xu Ran nodded, “The first is to exchange for it in a city larger than a Second Level Town, where resources are more abundant, and it’s easy to exchange for the Heart of the Thunder Stone.”

“The second is to search for it outside the city based on the abnormal astronomical event during the birth of the Heart of the Thunder Stone, but it requires luck…”

As he got to this point, Xu Ran’s expression became somewhat strange.

In retrospect, his luck this time was really quite good.

Thanks again to Lucky Liu.

“Correct,” Gu Wu nodded slightly, “The opportunity to obtain the Heart of the Thunder Stone that I mentioned, is actually an opportunity to go to a Second Level Town.”

“I know your concerns. The nearest Second Level Town is Zhou Tian City, but it’s a few days away and it’s easy to encounter danger along the way.”

“Indeed.” Xu Ran nodded in agreement, “If it was so easy to go from one city to another, we wouldn’t have so little interaction with other cities.”

“So I say it’s an opportunity,” Gu Wu smiled, “The story is long, starting from when I arrived in Qingzhou City.”

“Please go on.” Xu Ran closed the shop door to prevent any new customers from entering.

“I came here from Xieyun City, under the guise of returning home to settle down, but in reality, I came with a mission,” Gu Wu spoke frankly, “The Beast Master Association of Xieyun City wants to organize an exchange event among several cities.”

“You know, with the current situation, this is not easy.” @@novelbin@@

“Yes.” Xu Ran nods slightly.

The areas outside city are largely populated by Transcendent Creatures, in a sense, every human city is besieged by these beings.

No one knows if one day the Transcendent Creatures will launch a full-scale attack and easily destroy a city. At present, the peace within the city seems more like a false prosperity, a necessity to calm the people’s minds.

This is a small truth that Xu Ran has gleaned from the many world documents and his own observations.

“In Chairman Fang of Xieyun City’s words, some things are hard, but someone has to do them,” Gu Wu’s voice showed a trace of emotion, “Exchange is only the first step, the breakthrough of the cities and the future launch of the human counterattack, is the ultimate goal.”

“Of course, that’s somewhat far off.” Gu Wu shook his head slightly, without diverging from the topic, “The target for this exchange is the better young Beast Masters from each city, for you are the future.”

“The previous New Beast Master Challenge Match, something that Qingzhou City has never had before, was held to select young Beast Masters and determine the spots for the exchange event.”

Gu Wu explained, “Not only the top four of you, but other well-performing Beast Masters are also on the list. We will consult with everyone and then collectively head there.”

“I will lead the team, ensuring safety.”

“The last time you asked me about the Heart of the Thunder Stone, I actually wanted to tell you then. But I had not made contact with Xieyun City and was not sure of the specific time for the exchange,” Gu Wu paused, “I just received a reply today, the exchange is in one month.”

“I can assure you that the Heart of the Thunder Stone can be easily exchanged in Xieyun City. Apart from this, the exchange event will also give you a chance to see a bigger city. What do you think?”

After listening to Gu Wu’s words, Xu Ran fell into a rare silence.

He really did not expect that the opportunity to obtain the Heart of the Thunder Stone that Gu Wu mentioned was this kind of opportunity.

Ziyun no longer needs the Heart of the Thunder Stone to evolve, although it can be used to enhance his power, other resources can also do the same.

So from Xu Ran’s perspective, this resource has become less essential, or at least, it’s not worth making a special trip to Xieyun City to exchange.

Deep down, Xu Ran did have some yearning for a bigger city.

However, he wasn’t particularly interested in the exchange event Gu Wu mentioned.

After a moment of hesitation, Xu Ran decided to tell the truth, “Senior Gu, actually, I just obtained a piece of the Heart of the Thunder Stone yesterday. I am no longer in need of this resource.”

“Ah?”

Surprise appeared on Gu Wu’s face.

Thinking of Xu Ran’s Space Expansion technology in the shop, he quickly showed a clear understanding.

Yes, a person with such conditions wouldn’t be in need of just one piece of the Heart of the Thunder Stone. Perhaps he only lacked it temporarily before, hence the urgent need for his help.

“Well, if that’s the case, you…”

“Creak-”

The back door of the shop was opened and Ziyun, who had just finished training, walked in quietly, blinking when she saw Gu Wu.

Wasn’t it time for the shop to close?

Almost at the moment when Ziyun appeared, four voices sounded at the same time in Gu Wu’s mind.

“King Species?!” x4

Gu Wu’s words stopped abruptly.

His usual calm demeanor broke instantly, his eyes widened as he stared at Ziyun, who had completely changed and whose aura was far stronger than the last time he saw her, as if he had seen a ghost..