Chapter 175 - 122: The Wandering King 1

Chapter 175: Chapter 122: The Wandering King 1

Translator: 549690339 ‘??? °—

Back on the first floor of the shop, the staff from the Beast Master Association responsible for delivering the exchange resources had not yet arrived.

Xu Ran continued to manage the shop while Ziyun familiarly hopped onto the counter, tucked her meaty paws into her chest, slightly lowering her head, and squinting her eyes.

Not far from her, Star found a vacant place to stand, then slowly closed his purple crystal-like eyes, beginning to rest.

The weather was clear, and the streets heated by half a day of sun were constantly letting off heat, even the pedestrians had become scarce.

Waiting for a while without any new customers, blowing the refreshing air from the air conditioner and having two pet beasts resting after training next to him, Xu Ran felt somewhat drowsy as if he had been influenced as well.

Just as he was about to fall asleep, the shop door was slowly pushed open, yielding a “creak” sound.

A customer came?

Xu Ran quickly perked up, shook his head twice rapidly, got up and said, “Welcome to…”

He stopped before he could utter the word “visit”.

Gazing at the muscular figure standing before him, a macho man with both hands crossing over his furry chest, the head of a cat, and dressing in dirty human clothes, Xu Ran’s drowsiness was wiped out in an instant.

Is this a human or a pet beast?!

After looking again and again, Xu Ran was sure that the big guy before him was a pet beast he didn’t recognize.

“Where is your Beast Master?” he couldn’t help but ask.

Ziyun and Star, who were awakened, also opened their eyes, looking somewhat surprised at this big guy.

Though it was not uncommon for pet beasts to have human-like figures, it was quite rare to see one dressing in human clothes like the one in front of them. More importantly, the clothes it wore were somewhat ragged and slovenly. This was even more peculiar.

“Meow-”

Humans, perform Washing and Protection for me.

The big cat didn’t answer Xu Ran’s question but gave a low command after reading the price menu on the wall.

“Meow-” (It said for you to perform Washing and Protection for it!)

Ziyun stared at the big cat, simultaneously translating for it.

As a cat, it could easily understand the other’s thoughts.

Also… after a careful look, Ziyun felt a sense of familiarity with the guy before it.

As if… it had seen or heard about it somewhere. @@novelbin@@

“Ah? Washing and Protection?” Knowing the big cat’s intention from Ziyun’s translation, Xu Ran’s expression became bizarre, “Where is your Beast Master?” Usually, isn’t it the Beast Master who brings the pet beasts for Washing and Protection?

Without a Beast Master, how could he accept this?

“Meow-”

1 have no Beast Master.

The big cat remained silent for a moment, slightly shaking its head.

Listening to the words translated by Ziyun, Xu Ran had an increasingly strange expression on his face.

Himself coming for Washing and Protection without a Beast Master?

This was the first time he had encountered this.

Let’s start with a system identification.

[Race Name: Furious Battle Cat

Attribute: Fighting

Growth Stage: Leadership Stage

Body Type: Medium

Washing and Protection Requirement: *****

Evaluation: The conquest of a king is more fulfilling than becoming the king itself. Conquer this wandering ruler with your nimble hands, my Host!] What a crappy evaluation, and the wandering ruler…

Wait, no Beast Master and it’s wandering?!

“You’re the Boss Cat?!”

Thinking of a possibility, Xu Ran’s face suddenly became tense.

He initially thought the Boss Cat mentioned by the pink fluffy pig yesterday was just a Transcendent Stage pet beast that was somewhat stronger, but the most powerful would be at the Elite Stage.

But this Boss Cat before him was…

At the Leadership Stage!

“Meow!” (It’s you!)

Ziyun’s body instantly tensed up.

At this moment, it recalled the source of that familiar feeling.

This guy before it, Ziyun had seen it once from a distance when it was still a stray cat!

The powerful aura belonging to a transcendent being almost suffocated Ziyun, who was just a regular stray cat then.

At the time, Ziyun could not distinguish the growth stage of transcendent beings, but now when it saw the opponent again, and sensed its still dominant presence, Ziyun realised that the opponent’s growth stage had reached the Leadership Stage!

It is the ruler of the stray pet beasts in Qingzhou City!

Remembering what it had heard about this gang of stray pet beasts bullying other stray animals and even preying on them, Ziyun’s eyes gradually turned determined.

This guy is dangerous!

Is it just here for Washing and Protection? It didn’t believe it!

The King’s Power began to disperse without a sound, spreading towards Boss Cat.

Ziyun’s power, which surpassed the typical peak Elite Stage, suddenly shot up to the extreme.

“Whistle!”

Star didn’t understand the situation, but seeing Ziyun’s nervous look, it added the Twilight Watch without hesitation.

Boss Cat’s face subtly changed.

Its gaze was filled with seriousness as it locked onto Ziyun, who was fluffing up in front of it.

Although this was just an Elite Stage pet beast, the formidable domineering aura it radiated made Boss Cat palpitate.

However, this kind of power wasn’t enough to threaten Boss Cat.

Boss Cat wasn’t angry, but simply released the authority belonging to the Leadership Stage, blocking Ziyun’s surpassing aura, standing quietly on the spot facing off against the two pet beasts.

“Hiss—”

With a sharp eagle’s screech and the sound of strong winds, the outside of Starfire Foster Care Shop suddenly went dim. A giant golden eagle, radiating the authority of the Leadership Stage, landed outside the shop, also breaking the standoff inside the shop..