Chapter 170 - 119 Newbie Beast Master And Stray

Chapter 170: Chapter 119 Newbie Beast Master and Stray

Pet Beast_2

Translator: 549690339

“Squeak—”

[Pleasure value from Pink Fluffy Pig +50]

[ Pleasure value from Pink Fluffy Pig + 50 ]

[From…]

“We’re just getting started,” Xu Ran said gently, his gaze on the Pink Fluffy Pig becoming even softer.

Indeed, a five-star Washing and Protection requirement is truly terrifying.

After removing the stubborn dirt visible to the naked eye, he started to comb each completely wet hair strand with a specially designed comb.

The fallen but sticking floating fur and tangled knotted hair gradually became tidy under Xu Ran’s patient combing.

Its originally wide eyes were now tightly closed, and its body lay flat on the care platform, making low “squawk” sounds from time to time, allowing Xu Ran to do as he pleased.

After initial cleaning, the Pink Fluffy Pig’s fur finally lose its gray color and gained a bit of pink color, finally showing the color of the hair that it should have.

Chen Xiyang, who was clenching both of his hands nervously throughout the process, couldn’t help opening his mouth in surprise.

So Little Grey’s fur isn’t gray?

By the way, the staff member who certified him also said that Little Grey’s species is a Pink Fluffy Pig. Does Pink Fluffy Pig mean a pig with long pink hair?

It seems there’s so much he still has to learn as a new Beast Master!

But, Little Grey looks very comfortable now.

Chen Xiyang clenched his fists and his expression became serious.

In the future, he will take Little Grey to be groomed more often!

Deep grooming, mite removal, fur massage, localized care…

Xu Ran went through the steps methodically, and in a short while, the originally dirty and smelly Pink Fluffy Pig was completely transformed.

Its light pink long hair was fluffy and soft, and after trimming, it perfectly covered the still skinny body of the Pink Fluffy Pig, making it look adorable.

There were no more traces of tears or other dirt around those blue eyes, they were as dazzling as sapphires.

“Squeak-”

The Pink Fluffy Pig leaped down from the care platform, and its long hair trembled. There was a faint “duang-” sound.

It moved its short legs step by step, ran to the front of Chen Xiyang, and was about to leap into his arms.

“Wait a minute!” Chen Xiyang quickly stopped the Pink Fluffy Pig, and then took off his jacket, revealing the clean T-shirt inside, then he hugged the Pink Fluffy Pig, his face showing surprise, “Little Grey! You’re so pretty now!”

Looking at Chen Xiyang’s jacket tucked under his armpit, with the dirty side folded inside, Xu Ran’s expression gradually became weird.

This kid is quite clean.

But this also proves that he really loves his pet beast.

“The grooming is complete, we can go out now.” Xu Ran led the pair out of the grooming room.

“Boss, your grooming skills are incredible!” Chen Xiyang happily paid the money, and his words became more verbose, “Hl bring Little Grey here again in the future!”

“You’re always welcome.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, and then couldn’t help but ask, “Can you tell me where you contracted this pet beast?”

“A pet beast from the breeding base wouldn’t be this dirty.”

“No.” Chen Xiyang shook his head, the smile on his face gradually softened, “Little Grey was a stray pet beast near my school.”

“Before I awakened my first stage contract power, I was bullied by a classmate on my way home. It was Little Grey who stepped forward to help me.”

“We got to know each other that way, and since then I have been bringing food for it every day, and it would follow me until it sees me home, protecting me like a guardian,” Chen Xiyang’s smile became even brighter.

“After a month, I finally awakened my first stage contract power last night.”

“Then, I contracted Little Grey.”

“What a moving story.” Xu Ran said, deeply moved.

The bond between stray pet beasts and humans, huh…

He couldn’t help but think of when he first met Ziyun.

No wait…

Hold on!

A… stray pet beast?!

“Hold on a minute?” Xu Ran was starting to lose patience, “Why would pet beasts go stray?”

“Uh, that…” Chen Xiyang looked innocent, “I have no clue, okay?”

“Hang on, I’ll ask Little Grey.” It seemed like he had never thought about this either, and he started a back-and-forth conversation with Little Grey right in front of Xu Ran.

“I got it!” Chen Xiyang quickly wore an “I get it” expression, “Little Grey told me, it went astray because its parents were stray pet beasts, and they are already dead.”

“Hmm…”Xu Ran glanced at Little Grey.

Little Grey was rather thin, despite Chen Xiyang having already fed him for one month. It was not hard to imagine how bad his condition must have been a month ago.

As a Transcendent Being, ordinary food couldn’t satisfy its needs.

So, how did it survive before it met Chen Xiyang?

Chen Xiyang quickly asked Little Grey for Xu Ran.

“He said that if he gets too hungry, he would go to Boss Cat, and Boss Cat might give him some food. But Boss Cat has to help many stray pet beasts and the food is just not enough.” As Chen Xiyang’s translated, he affectionately petted Little Grey.

“…Boss Cat?”

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

From the sound of it, that should not be a human being.

So, Boss Cat is like the leader of these stray pet beasts?

Xu Ran was still full of questions, like whether the Beast Master Association knows about these Transcendent Stray Pet Beasts, and whether they would attack humans.

But looking at Chen Xiyang and his pet’s innocent eyes, Xu Ran knew he wouldn’t get his answers from them.

Maybe he could ask Ziyun, who had also been a stray before?

With that idea, Xu Ran used his Contractual Sensing to ask.

“Meow?” (Boss Cat?)

Inside the Thunder Training Area, Ziyun came to a halt, as he heard the question in his mind he appeared thoughtful.

When he was a stray, he was just a normal creature, his wisdom wasn’t particularly high then, and his long-passed memories were now a bit fuzzy.

But after hearing Xu Ran’s description, it did remind him of something. He remembered that his fellow strays had mentioned a group of stray Transcendent Beings. The strays in the city are indeed organized, fighting each other for territory and food, but everyone would stay away from them.

Because they were simply too strong to be beaten.

As for further details, Ziyun was clueless.

After telling Xu Ran what he knew, he once again threw himself into the strenuous training.

The six-hour training time was almost over, he needed to keep training!

“Is there really a gang of stray pet beasts?” Receiving confirmation from Ziyun, Xu Ran couldn’t help but gesture at his chin.

Forget it, never mind.

If they had fallen into strays, their strength probably wasn’t that great. They might be some of the pet beasts that had escaped from a breeding base and went unnoticed?

This issue could be left to the Beast Master Association to worry about.

“Thank you.” With that in mind, Xu Ran nodded to Chen Xiyang, “You can go back now, welcome to come next time.”

“Thank you, boss! Goodbye!” Chen Xiyang politely said goodbye, and left with his pet excitedly.

Watching the pair disappear out the door, Xu Ran yawned and glanced up at the clock hanging on the wall.

It was almost closing time.

fust about to lock up and… @@novelbin@@

“Xu Ran, I got some good news!” Gu Wu strode into the store, his face was smiling, “Didn’t you ask me about the Heart of the Thunder stone before?”

“Now, there’s a good chance to get it.”

Xu Ran :”Uh..”

Senior Gu, why didn’t you tell me two days earlier already?