Chapter 172 - 120 Gu Wu’S Shock 2

Chapter 172: Chapter 120 Gu Wu’s Shock 2

Translator: 549690339 |? —

He was all too familiar with this situation and recognized it as the King’s Power that was yet to be fully withdrawn around Ziyun, after just finishing her training.

Gu Wu could confirm this. It was indeed a King Species!

Was it only at the Elite Stage? Had it finished evolving at this stage?

Wait, Boss Xu had said that he had obtained the Heart of the Thunder stone yesterday…

Could it have been used for evolution?!

“You…” Gu Wu, having deduced many things in an instant, turned to look at Xu Ran, unsure of what to ask.

“Ziyun was able to evolve successfully, thanks to the guidance from Senior Gu on evolution,” Xu Ran seriously nodded, confirming Gu Wu’s guess.

The knowledge about evolution that Gu Wu had mentioned earlier had indeed helped him a lot, enabling him to firmly establish a policy strategy for evolution by integrating skills.

Gu Wu opened his mouth, then slowly closed it again.

Guidance on evolution?

Did he provide any?

What he mentioned, shouldn’t it be common knowledge to Beast Masters who are slightly stronger and about to touch evolution?

If it was that easy to evolve based on those things, then why would countless Beast Masters both love and fear evolution and call it the “Ghost Gate”?

“What attribute is your Pet Beast now?” Taking a closer look at Ziyun, Gu Wu sensed a hint of power that didn’t belong to the Thunder Attribute, his eyes widening even more.

“Dual attributes of Thunder and Fighting,” Xu Ran introduced.

Dual attributes?

Gu Wu took a sharp breath, showing an expression of “I thought so but wish I hadn’t.”

He had already helped four Pet Beasts successfully complete their evolution, and he had interacted with many Strong Beast Masters in Xieyun City. Although he didn’t completely understand evolution, he had at least passed the initial exploratory stage.

Multiple attributes have always been a topic of interest for Strong Beast Masters.

Having more attributes means less likely to be countered, while the amplification of multiple attributes makes them stronger than single-attribute entities.

But multi-attribute Pet Beasts also have fatal drawbacks.

The difficulty of evolution for multi-attribute Pet Beasts is greater than that of single-attribute ones. In addition to the challenges faced by single-attribute Pet Beasts, they also need to deal with the problem of balancing powers among various attributes, which incurs a higher risk of evolution failure.

What’s even more hellish is adding new attributes during the evolution process.

Some Strong Beast Masters had suggested the possibility of acquiring more attributes through evolution to enhance their strength, but other Beast Masters regarded it as a joke.

Acquiring an attribute that a Pet Beast never had, mastering, familiarizing, and balancing it with existing attributes during the dangerous evolution process that could fail at any moment?

Isn’t that a dream?

Gu Wu had once sneered at such wild conjectures, but now…

Looking at Ziyun standing in front of him, Gu Wu suddenly couldn’t laugh.

“Did I remember it incorrectly?” Gu Wu asked carefully with a touch of fortune, “Your Pet Beast, it was originally of the Thunder and Fighting Attributes, correct?”

“No.” Xu Ran blinked, showing a puzzled expression, “It was originally the Thunder Attribute. The Fighting Attribute got added during the evolution… What’s wrong, Senior Gu?”

“Nothing…” Gu Wu took a deep breath, forcing himself to calm down, “If there’s nothing else, I’ll be leaving.”

After that, he pushed the shop door and walked away.

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded, then remembered something and hurriedly took a few steps forward, “Senior Gu, about the exchange a month later, I am not sure if I can go. Can I give you an answer later?”

There was still a month to go, so there was plenty of time to make a decision.

Gu Wu didn’t say anything but nodded to show that it was fine.

At this moment, the matter of the exchange didn’t matter anymore.

He had taken a bit of a hit and needed his daughter’s smile to recover.

He had just acquired the evolution resources yesterday, and he evolved an extra attribute…

Why on earth did this kid successfully evolve?!

“Oink-”

On the way back, being held by Chen Xiyang, the Pink Fluffy Pig suddenly squirmed and made a slightly flustered sound.

“Are you going to visit your previous companions?” Chen Xiyang paused, a surprised look appearing on his face, “Shall I go with you?”

“Oink-”

The Pink Fluffy Pig shook its head affirmatively and jumped down from Chen Xiyang’s arms onto the ground.

This was its final farewell to its companions. From now on, it with a home and a Beast Master would no longer meet them, nor would it be one of them.

This was the mutual agreement among Stray Pet Beasts.

If a Beast Master were to accompany, it could actually cause their dissatisfaction, as some of them hold hostility towards humans.

Although it really wanted to introduce its Beast Master to everyone, the Pink Fluffy Pig firmly refused.

It step by step moved with its short legs into the lane, further and further away from Chen Xiyang’s perception.

“Friends of Little Grey…” Chen Xiyang pondered for a moment, then slapped his forehead, revealing a vexed expression. “Ah, I should have bought some food, so Little Grey could give it to them as a gift!”

“Never mind, next time.” Chen Xiyang, who didn’t understand the importance of this meeting for Little Grey, made a quick decision and stood at the entrance of the alley, waiting for Little Grey.

On the other side, Little Grey, who had walked deep into the alley, stopped.

In front of it, three stray pet beasts that looked quite fierce and more powerful than Little Grey appeared abruptly.

The three pet beasts remained silent, simultaneously locking Little Grey under their oppressive and aggressive gaze.

This beautiful and well-maintained creature didn’t belong here.

“Roar-”

Get out!

The one in the center made a deep and somewhat threatening sound.

“Snort snort!”

Little Grey hastily spoke up.

It was here to say goodbye to its friends, why did they want it to leave?

It couldn’t help but look towards the one on the left among the three stray pet beasts, who was clearly playing nicely with it a few days ago.

Recognizing Little Grey’s identity from its voice, its eyes quickly changed, becoming dazed from the previous oppressive look.

It rubbed its eyes and then moved forward smelling Little Grey, a look of disbelief covering its face.

“Gulp?”

“Snort!”

“Gulp gulp?”

“Snort snort!”

After some exchanged between the two pet beasts, the one who previously blocked Little Grey changed its attitude quickly, and began quietly talking to the other two beasts.

Only after assurance from Little Grey’s friend did the other two beasts gradually believe that the well cared for looking creature in front of them used to be their companion.

The three stray pet beasts turned around and walked deeper into the alley.

Little Grey let out a sigh of relief and quickly followed.

With their guidance, Little Grey faced no more obstacles on its way.

Soon, at the deepest end of the alley, Little Grey saw an imposingly strong tomcat standing poised on a broken stone chair. Its pointed gaze was both dignified and oppressive.

Around it were pet beasts of all shapes and colours, their only similarity being the long uncleaned dirt on their bodies.

Among all the stray pet beasts, Little Grey, who had just been washed and protected by Xu Ran, stood out strikingly, attracting unusual looks from other companions.

“Snort snort-”

Little Grey, realizing the problem after the explanation, quickly made a sound to explain its situation.

So, all the pet beasts turned their attention towards the big cat sitting on the stone chair.

According to the rules of the stray pet beasts, whether Little Grey’s actions could be accepted needed to be decided by it.

The big cat closely scrutinized Little Grey’s finely groomed fur, and after a moment, it emitted a deep sound.

“Meow-”

Care for your present Beast Master, and don’t come back.

Having the approval from the big cat, Little Grey’s familiar companions came forward one after another, in an orderly manner, to say their final goodbyes. After a while, this farewell ceremony finally ended.

Watching the back of Little Grey as it walked alone toward the exit of the alley, one of the stray pet beasts suddenly spoke softly.

“Woof—”

It is so clean! Should we also take a bath? @@novelbin@@

The big cat pondered for a moment then quickly ruled.

“Meow!”

Washing and Protection! Arrange it!