Chapter 179 - 124: Another Ten In A Row, Star’S

Chapter 179: Chapter 124: Another Ten in a Row, Star’s

Evolution Path!_l

Translator: 549690339

“Good morning, Boss Xu. It seems I am the first customer of the day.”

A middle-aged man with a gentle smile, quite amiable-looking, followed by a slender, rather elongated fox, briskly walked into the store. “I’d like my Spirit Fox to be cleaned and cared for.”

“Mr. Zhou, long time no see, no problem.”

Xu Ran responded with a brilliant smile.

“Hmm?” The handsome man referred to as Mr. Zhou has been to the Starfire Foster Care Shop more than once. He looked at Xu Ran in surprise, then chuckled. “Boss Xu seems in a good mood today.”

“Indeed.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, “There are some things to be happy about.”

In the early morning, after successfully upgrading the Drug Application skill to B Level, he had already seen preliminary results from feeding the pet beasts before the shop opened for business.

As a system skill associated with the fosterage service, the upgrade of the Drug Application skill did not make pet beasts more happy when tasting Xu Ran’s specially prepared pet beast food, thus gaining more Pleasure Value for Xu Ran. However, it allowed Xu Ran to gain more Physical Points during the feeding process.

This morning’s feeding process resulted in a total of 458 Physical Points. Feeding the same thirty inhabitants the previous evening earned only 329 Physical Points, enough to demonstrate the benefits of upgrading the Drug Application skill.

And this news is a significant plus for Ziyun and Star, who are in urgent need of strength enhancement at the moment. @@novelbin@@

But that wasn’t the whole reason for Xu Ran’s good mood. The more critical reason came from the good news brought by the Armored Rhinoceros during the morning feeding session.

The Tiger Hunting Squad was back in town!

After Ziyun’s evolution was complete, Xu Ran, who had followed the Tiger Hunting Squad out of the Qingzhou City, did not go to find them again but returned to Qingzhou City earlier instead.

But the Tiger Hunting Squad had stayed outside the city the whole time, with the Armored Rhinoceros frequently being summoned away and then sent back.

Now that the Tiger Hunting Squad has safely returned, according to past practice, Lucky Liu should soon bring his Wind Lion Dog for a wash and care routine at the shop. His Pleasure Value, accumulated over the past period, has once again reached the 95,000 points required for Ten Consecutive Drawing.

In other words, there is a high probability he would be able to conduct another Ten Consecutive Drawing today.

After making sure Mr. Zhou’s Spirit Fox was well-groomed, and watching the satisfied departure of this man and his pet, Xu Ran sat down in the shop, eagerly awaiting the person he had in mind.

“Uncle Liu! You’re here!”

Before Liu Gu could greet him, Xu Ran had already warmly greeted him.

“Mmm, I’m here.” Liu Gu couldn’t help but give Xu Ran a second look, his face bearing a complex expression.

Before their joint departure from the city, Liu Gu had always thought that although Xu Ran had talent, he still needed Liu Gu’s patronage when it came to strength.

Ziyun’s formidable strength, however, had clearly shown him how wrong his assumption had been.

This younger Beast Master, unbeknownst to him, already possessed the ability to stand on his own.

And this has made Liu Gu somewhat apprehensive about returning to the shop.

Would it really be appropriate for a Beast Master with even greater strength than his own to serve his pet beast?

Seeing Xu Ran’s amiable and enthusiastic smile again, Liu Gu’s concerns quietly vanished.

Perhaps, this ease and comfort is precisely what sets Little Boss Xu apart.

“Ah, I’m here!” Thinking of this, Liu Gu recovered his usual hearty smile. “Team Leader Zhang tells me he’s not sure whether you’ve acquired the resources you need. If not, we from the hunting squad might have gathered some you could use.”

“Team Leader Zhang is too kind.” Xu Ran thanked him. “I’ve already obtained the resources that I need. How could I impose and take from the squad’s achievements?”

“Those are all your own earnings. You should divide them among yourselves.”

“If that’s so…” Liu Gu took a closer look at Xu Ran, noting his insistence before giving a slight nod, “Then I’ll relate that to Team Leader Zhang.”

“The doggy has been doing great these few days, trouble the boss to give it a good clean.”

“No problem at all.” The smile on Xu Ran’s face grew denser. He gave a “follow me” look to the Wind Lion Dog before turning and heading towards the grooming room.

With the increase of ‘Lucky Liu energy’, he had vaguely found a pattern; that is, after washing and caring for Liu Gu’s pet beasts then absorbing the ‘Lucky Liu energy’, his luck was better.

So, now Xu Ran always washed and cared for Liu Gu’s pet beasts first, and when he saw the man out, he would casually absorb some ‘energy’.

“Arf, arf!”

Time for a wash! Here I come!

The Wind Lion Dog, grubby and bloodstained after several days of battle, was panting, looking excited as it followed behind Xu Ran and into the grooming room.

Shortly after, traces of unrepressed caterwauling could be heard from inside the grooming room.

“Arf, arf!”~

“Take care, Uncle Liu!”

Under the strange gaze of Liu Gu, Xu Ran once again casually patted the man’s shoulder as if it were unintentional, then waved goodbye with a smile on his face.

“…Okay.”

Liu Gu nodded, turned around with the Wind Lion Dog, and left.

They say that a genius Beast Master would always have quirks that set them apart from others. Perhaps liking to pat someone’s shoulder while bidding farewell is one of Little Boss Xu’s peculiarities.

Okay… understood!

On the other hand, as he watched the departing figures of the man and pet, the smile on Xu Ran’s face gradually broadened.

Lucky Liu’s performance was still constant today.

Another Purple from the Ten Consecutive Drawing!

And…

Star would be thrilled this time.

Because what was drawn was the King Species Evolution Path it had been longing for.

But…

Xu Ran neatly closed his eyes, sensing the two pet beasts training arduously in the training area..