Chapter 174 - 121: The Upper Limit Of Fosterage 2

Chapter 174: Chapter 121: The Upper Limit of Fosterage 2

Translator: 54969039Q????????? o —

Thanks to the rapidly growing reputation of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, quite a few Beast Masters, whose fosterage period at other foster shops had ended, didn’t renew their contracts there. Instead, they sent their Pet Beasts over to Starfire, bringing quite a number of new residents to the shop.

But of course, other foster shops wouldn’t just sit and wait for death. They rolled out discount measures, fosterage with included washing and protection services offers and such, successfully retaining a portion of the wavering customers.

I wonder if we can break the milestone of thirty foster care residents today…? “Boss Xu, I’m here to foster!”

Here we go!” Xu Ran promptly stood up from behind the counter and greeted the newcomer with a smile.

Speak of Cao Cao (Chinese idiom which means “Speak of the devil”), and Cao Cao arrives.

Moreover, it was a familiar face.

Looking at Zhang Yun and the Stone Armored Dragon behind him, which was following closely while constantly glancing towards the back door of the Starfire Foster Care Shop with an eager look, the smile on Xu Ran’s face grew richer.

Brother Zhang, you have to work again?”

“Yes.” Zhang Yun nodded and let out a sigh, “I’ve been busier at work recently. Fortunately, I won’t be gone for a long time, just three days.”

Zhang Yun’s voice slightly paused as he looked at Xu Ran.

“I’ll have to rely on you for these three days.”

“You can rest assured.” Xu Ran nodded.

“I’m fully confident when I leave it to you.” Zhang Yun laughed, and then as if he had just thought of something, he changed topic, “Can I see the active area assigned to the Stone Armored Dragon?”

At this moment, he recalled the last time he visited with his nephew and saw the astonishing Space Expansion technology.

Now, the foster area in the Starfire Foster Care Shop was much larger than before. So, wouldn’t the activity area assigned to his own Stone Armored Dragon be much larger as well?

Thinking of this, a hint of anticipation flashed in Zhang Yun’s eyes.

Of course, no problem.” Xu Ran opened the back door, “Follow me.”

A moment later, both of them, along with the pet, were standing in the Foster Area located in the first basement level.

“This area is assigned to the Stone Armored Dragon.” Using the control hub, Xu Ran quickly outlined a living area for the Stone Armored Dragon in the foster area.

It was no longer a small hill of pebbles, but an undulated terrain comprised of pebble piles that met their eyes.

The area was at least five times larger than the previous one.

You should know that the last time Zhang Yun came, there were only three foster care residents in the entire foster area.

“Is there anything you need to adjust?” After the design was completed, Xu Ran turned his head and glanced at Zhang Yun.

“No, it’s more than enough.” Zhang Yun shook his head without hesitation, “Boss Xu, your foster area has changed so much, aren’t you going to raise the price?”

“No, it’s still the same price.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly.

The system had no intention of raising the price and had not increased the automatic deduction of ongoing costs, so he naturally had no interest in raising the price.

It’s not like he lacks money. What if he ended up driving customers away?

“Boss Xu, you are the most conscientious businessman I have ever seen.” Zhang Yun couldn’t help but sigh, “Those who call you a cunning businessman in the forums are really doing you an injustice.”

“Yeah, it’s all rumors.” Xu Ran sighed. Upon hearing this, he immediately warmed to Zhang Yun.

Just for that praise, I’ll give the Stone Armored Dragon special treatment!

“Alright, I’ll go now.” Zhang Yun nodded, bent down to pat the Stone Armored Dragon’s large head, “Wait for me to come and fetch you!”

After that, he took out his cellphone, transferred the three-day fosterage fee to Xu Ran, and left.

Xu Ran wanted to see him off, took a step forward and suddenly stopped.

A line of text appeared in front of his eyes.

[Foster Care Residents have reached the limit]

Huh?

What??

Just as Xu Ran was feeling proud of having reached the milestone of thirty foster care residents and was motivated to aim for forty, his expression immediately fell.

Wait… the limit is thirty pets?

He couldn’t help but turn his head and look at the half of the foster area still available for use under his planning.

This large space can easily accommodate fifty or sixty residents, right?

“This is obviously unreasonable!” Xu Ran couldn’t help but whisper in complaint, “Such a large space, and the limit is thirty pets?”

As if sensing Xu Ran’s complaint, the line of text that popped up in front of his eyes paused for a moment, then quickly changed to a different line.

“Host’s energy is limited. Caring for more pet beasts will overly disperse your energy, making the fostered pet beasts in the shop unable to get the best care and attention.”

“Limited energy…” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

He always felt, this scene seemed familiar.

Previously during the washing and protection, there was a similar situation.

It wasn’t reaching the limit, but a reminder that washing and protection could not be repeated in a short time.

Although the situation is different now, the essence is almost the same.

“So, if I increase my energy, can the limit of the number of pet beasts fostered in the shop be increased?” Xu Ran speculated.

When the strength is strong, the energy is naturally strong.

The system didn’t respond to Xu Ran’s speculation, so Xu Ran remained in place, continuing to guess.

Besides enhancing strength, another possibility to increase the fostering limit is a system upgrade.

The last upgrade brought such a large fostering space, Xu Ran had reason to believe that the next system upgrade would greatly improve the service.

However, Xu Ran hasn’t completed the main task 1 yet, the system upgrade is far away.

Besides these two methods, the third and most feasible one is to hire shop attendants.

The energy of a person is limited. Xu Ran runs the Starfire Foster Shop alone, and he personally carries out washing and protection, fostering, and accompanying training. This is strange in itself.

If there are new employees in the shop, Xu Ran naturally has more energy to care for more foster care residents.

However, the problem lies in that the Starfire Foster Shop is not a normal foster shop, and normal shop attendants cannot be hired here.

Normal shop attendants cannot bring him the pleasure value and various benefits obtained by system skills, he can only get the money earned by the business.

What does he want this money for?

So…

“This is the existence of the system clerk?”

Thinking of the task rewards of the main task 1, Xu Ran had a bit of enlightenment in his heart.

Since the task reward has no detailed introduction and explanation, he can only complete this task as soon as possible and see what the system clerk is all about.

However…

This day won’t take long.

Xu Ran unconsciously looked at his personal panel.

“Plucking Fur (B Level)” (49/500)

“Drug Application (C Level)” (351/500)

“Pranks (C Level)” (56/500)

The completion condition of the main task 1 is that all three system skills reach B level. Now Xu Ran’s Plucking Fur is already B level, which is equivalent to having completed one third.

The progress of Drug Application is also fast. Every day when it is past midnight and the experience settlement time, it can bring him more than twenty experience points.

With the Stone Armored Dragon checking in and reaching the foster care resident limit, 30 points of experience can be obtained every day, which can quickly reach B level when counted.

As for Pranks…

This skill was the latest that Xu Ran obtained, so in order to keep it in sync with the other two skills and breakthrough to B level as soon as possible, Xu Ran has not stopped promoting new services to the shop’s guests in his recent operation.

As long as they pluck up the courage to try it once, they will be shocked by the amazing training efficiency of Starfire Foster’s accompanying training service, becoming regular customers of the shop and making regular visits for training, so the experience upgrade speed is also very fast.

“Xi Lu?”

“Meow?”

The slightly puzzled voices of Star and Ziyun brought Xu Ran back from his thoughts.

“Have you two finished training already?” Looking at the slightly tired but bright-eyed pet beasts, Xu Ran smiled.

“Meow?” (Have the resources arrived yet?) @@novelbin@@

Ziyun asked expectantly.

“Not yet.” Xu Ran shook his head, “Adding up the time, it should be soon, right?

You two come upstairs and wait with me?”

The two pet beasts looked at each other and quickly followed Xu Ran.

They couldn’t wait to use the resources they exchanged for so many points yesterday!