Chapter 187 - 128: Golden Eagle Turns Into Sand

Chapter 187: Chapter 128: Golden Eagle turns into Sand

Sculpture?!_i

Translator: 549690339

“Is this the place?”

At Xu Ran’s direction, Zhang Heyear quickly settles onto the rooftop of a skyscraper two kilometers from the enemy base, eyeing the target location with a hint of seriousness.

“Over there.” Xu Ran nods slightly.

The lock given by the Night Inspection has faded, but there were at least four powerful Beast Masters seen through the enemy’s vision.

They might not all be Leadership Level Beast Masters, but just to be safe, he’d called for backup to make it more secure.

“I’ve called in seven Leadership Level Beast Masters,” Zhang Heyear smirks, “Good thing I’m well-liked, we should have this in the bag now.”

“Hmm.” Hearing that Zhang Heyear brought so many people, Xu Ran immediately felt a surge of safety, and his smile relaxed.

After standing in place and waiting for a bit, the reinforcements began to arrive one by one.

They didn’t stand together with Zhang Heyear, rather, they had been communicated priori to covertly arrive at various positions around the abandoned factory, forming a loose ring around the criminals’ hideout from several kilometers away.

“Everyone’s arrived.” When the last reinforcement arrived safely, Zhang Heyear looked at Xu Ran beside him, “When do we begin?”

“Now.” Xu Ran, riding Star, activated his Star Chain for the entirety of the mission, casting Night Inspection to monitor the abandoned factory’s location.

Perhaps it was due to the fake tip-off that they had passed on to the enemy. In the abandoned factory, faint shadows of figures were beginning to emerge.

They could not afford to delay. Regardless of what the enemy’s plan was, now was the most suitable moment to spring the ambush.

“No problem.” Zhang Heyear gives a quick nod, perched atop the Giant Gold Eagle. Accompanied by a fierce cry, like a golden rainbow in the black of night, they sped towards the enemy’s base.

Other Beast Masters who received the message also started to demonstrate their moves, each releasing their powerful aura and charging out from their respective positions.

The still of the night, shattered in an instant!

“Boom!”

Soon, continuous roars sounded from the direction of the abandoned factory, mingled with faint screams and roars.

The forces of the two sides finally clashed head-on.

“We’ll also set off.” Xu Ran lightly tapped Star’s neck, “We can’t let anyone else get the star dust.”

“Xi Lu Lu!” (For the Star Dust, charge!)

With a spirited roar, Star leapt off the rooftop.

“Ding???? ”

Carrying Xu Ran and Ziyun, its massive body twisted agilely mid-air, front hooves striking the outer wall of a skyscraper.

Accompanied by the tumbling ripples of the darkness, Star ran as if on level ground, perpendicular to the ground. It quickly, and in an orderly fashion reached the ground before accelerating towards the base where the fierce fighting was taking place.

Two stars Skills, Starlight Level-Night Song!

Under the curtain of night, it moved without inhibitions!

Sitting on Star’s back, Xu Ran continued to exercise the Night Inspection, watching the fierce battle unfold ahead.

The Association’s vigorous onslaught showed no signs of surprise.

Among the enemy’s crime syndicate, there were three Leadership Level Beast Masters, and two Elite Level Beast Masters, in total, five people.

Facing the impending attack from Zhang Heyear and seven other Leadership Level Beast Masters, they quickly fell into disadvantage. @@novelbin@@

The two Elite Level Beast Masters were almost immediately subdued, the remaining three Leadership Level Beast Masters were still stubbornly resisting, but by the time Xu Ran arrived, their Pet Beasts had been successively killed, they had lost the power to resist.

“Elder Zhang, I’m going in to check for any remaining criminals!” Xu Ran shouted, leading Star and Ziyun straight into the interior.

Having previously established their location and surveyed the scene, he was certain no enemies remained inside the base.

Star Dust, here I come!

“Ah, this…” Zhang Heyear, who had just helped subdue a Leadership Level Beast Master with several others, opened his mouth to say something as he watched Xu Ran charge inside, but then just kicked the subdued Beast Master. “Behave yourself!”

“Star Dust…” On the underground floor of the abandoned factory, Xu Ran began searching swiftly and soon found an alloy box in the deepest room.

Opening the alloy box, a glass bottle the size of a 500-millilitre water bottle was filled with large quantities of silver dust.

This dust, in the dark, was emitting a bright and soft glow. Unlike the colored mixture he had seen earlier, the glow of the dust in front of him was pure and strangely tranquil.

With one look, Xu Ran knew. This was the Star Dust!

“Xi Lu~” (So much!)

Star stared wide-eyed, captivated by the starlight reflected in her purple crystal-like eyes, and her eyes were full of joy.

They’ve gathered another item for evolution!

“There must be nearly ten servings here.” After briefly sensing the overwhelming transcendent power within, Xu Ran showed a satisfied smile. Casually putting the glass bottle into his pocket, he mounted Star’s back and turned to leave.

“Boss Xu, did you find anything?” At the same time, Zhang Heyear brought several other elite fighters into the factory. Upon meeting face to face, Zhang Heyear asked.

“There are no other criminals left.” Xu Ran replied with a poker face, pointing to another room, “The victims they had taken captive should all be in there, none of them are in life-threatening danger.”

“If there’s nothing else, I’ll be on my way.”

“Remember to mention our shop’s accompanying training service in your report!”

Having said this in rapid succession, not waiting for any response, Xu Ran rode off on Star with Ziyun in his arms, leaving Zhang Heyear and the others looking at each other, baffled..