Chapter 186 - 127: The Tainted..._2

Chapter 186: Chapter 127: The Tainted…_2

Translator: 549690339

“Understood.” Xu Ran nodded slightly regretfully.

Seems like he still needed to find that group of criminals and obtain pure Star Dust from their hands.

Next, Zhang Heyear led Xu Ran to several unusual traces.

The criminals were very cautious, each trace shone with the sparkle of Star Dust.

After a round of search, both of them returned to the entrance of the house looking dejected, “The crime scene, is probably like this.”

“Have you looked around this area?” Xu Ran, recalling some crime investigation dramas from his previous life, suddenly spoke. “The criminal may not have completely left the scene.”

“Ah? How could this be possible?” Zhang Heyear couldn’t help but reveal a surprised expression.

Xu Ran looked at Zhang Heyear, who appeared confused and a vague suspicion formed in his heart.

This world is very different from the last one in many respects.

In terms of public order, the Beast Master Association often deploys powerful Beast Masters to maintain the law and order.

While these Beast Masters were indeed powerful, their lack of professional training created significant gaps in criminal investigations.

For example, now, he simply mentioned a somewhat superficial possibility, but Zhang Heyear was clueless.

“Earlier, Elder Zhang mentioned that the criminals were part of a group, not individuals.” Xu Ran patiently explained, “And they didn’t just carry out a single criminal act, there have been several before.”

“In such a scenario, it’s very likely that they will continue their criminal activities.” Xu Ran paused slightly and turned to Zhang Heyear listening attentively. “If you were the criminal, Elder Zhang, would you seek information on the Association’s moves for the success of the next crime?”

“Well …even though I haven’t done such things before, but from the criminal’s perspective… I should be considering who from the Association is investigating this matter.” Zhang Heyear felt curious and nodded after serious consideration.

“The best way to understand their operations is to keep watch around the crime scene.” Xu Ran explained, “Because the person responsible for the investigation from the Association will definitely come here.”

“So…” Zhang Heyear’s face gradually grew grave, his voice dropping a few decibels, “You are saying, part of the criminals may be observing us in secret?”

“I think so, we can give it a try.’

1

Xu Ran nodded slightly, “Elder Zhang, your Giant Gold Eagle has a One Star Skill of dynamic vision, right?”

It just so happened that this skill was plucked out when they were washing and protecting before.

“Yes.” Zhang Heyear nodded, “What’s your plan?”

Xu Ran’s detailed analysis earlier made Zhang Heyear unconsciously more trusting of him.

“I indeed have a plan, it may not work but we can give it a shot.” Xu Ran pondered for a moment, “Later, Elder Zhang, you let your Giant Gold Eagle continue to hover high in the sky, initiating dynamic vision to observe the surroundings.”

“Then we will return to the empty space we just reached and make some noise.”

“Fine, let’s give your plan a try.” Zhang Heyear was not very good at investigating cases, being just a delivery man, and naturally he’d defer to Xu Ran’s ideas.

After discussing quickly, they soon left the crime scene’s house.

Xu Ran was mounted on Star’s back, accompanied by Star’s neigh, the Star Chain materialized instantly, and the pair with their three beasts proceeded casually towards the clearing.

“Elder Zhang, these criminals are too detestable, they didn’t leave any clues at all.” On reaching the open space, Xu Ran deliberately raised his voice, complaining.

“If it wasn’t like this, the Association would not send so many Leadership Level Beast Masters.” Zhang Heyear shook his head reluctantly, “But there’s no need to worry too much, the Association will carry out a carpet search in the entire Qingzhou City tomorrow, they won’t escape.”

After saying this, Zhang Heyear’s eyes flickered and he shot Xu Ran a look.

Something was happening!

A smile crept up in Xu Ran’s eyes.

These criminals couldn’t keep their cool, could they?

The conversation between the two was premeditated.

First, they expressed they had no leads, which lessened the enemy’s vigilance, and then mentioned the deployment of powerful Beast Masters by the Association.

If the criminals had been stalking all along, they would’ve surely noticed this. Hearing their conversion would only make the criminals believe in the credibility of their dialogue all the more.

Then came the fabricated story of a blanket search by the Association tomorrow.

With the previous groundwork, the criminals would certainly lose their nerve, thinking of rushing back to inform the other gangs, thereby exposing themselves.

“That direction, approximately 400 meters.” With feedback from the Giant Gold Eagle in the sky, Zhang Heyear quickly provided the exact location of the suspects.

“Good.” Xu Ran opened the Star Chain with his eyes closed and then slowly opened them.

His eyes turned completely black, and it seemed as if countless dark chains were twining and rotating in his pupils.

Zhang Heyear only took one look, then quickly averted his gaze, silently shocked.

Such a terrifying feeling, the moment their eyes met, he felt as if he was completely locked in, unable to escape.

Opening his eyes, Xu Ran turned his head to look in the direction pointed out by Zhang Heyear.

A figure, speeding in a certain direction with a cleverly concealed aura, incapable of escaping the surveillance of Xu Ran’s eyes, had entered his field of vision.

In a brief instant, the figure covered a distance of about 200 meters, a rather amazing speed.

However…

Gotcha!

The black chains in Xu Ran’s pupils twisted quickly, only he could see the locked-on mark appearing over the figure’s head.

In the next moment, Xu Ran momentarily gains the figure’s field of vision.

Three Star Skill, Starlight Level-Night Inspection!

“Star, let’s go!”

With a low growl, Xu Ran clamped his thighs tightly around Star’s belly.

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star neighed once, and dark patterns rapidly appeared all around its body, quietly blending into the dark of night, like a ghost in the darkness quickly setting off.

By its side, bolts of electricity emitted from Ziyun’s body, instantly activating Step on Electric Traces.

“Wait! I also…” Zhang Heyear was about to call for the Giant Gold Eagle to land and follow Xu Ran when he was vetoed by the latter.

“You just need to trail far behind me, ready to intervene whenever.” Xu Ran waved him off, “The Giant Gold Eagle is quite conspicuous.”

“…Alright then, be careful!” Watching Xu Ran disappear into the night, Zhang Heyear slightly shook his head, waited for a while before calling the Giant Gold Eagle to follow.

“Star, activate Long Night!”

Trailing thousands of meters behind the criminal, Xu Ran’s expressions were quite calm. @@novelbin@@

The criminal’s Pet Beast, it seemed, was a beast known for its speed among the Leadership Stage beasts, thus it was much faster than Star.

There was no way Star could catch up at its speed.

But Xu Ran had no intentions of catching up either.

After all, he was not yet a match for a Leadership Level Beast Master.

All he had to do was keep track of the figure’s location.

If nothing went wrong, the figure’s final destination would be the criminals’ hideout.

Wouldn’t it be nice to wipe them all out in one fell swoop?

“Xi Lu Lu!”

As Star neighed, a dark glow enveloped it like black holes, devouring the transcendent power in its surroundings, recovering Star’s power quickly.

Once Tenacity was promoted to Two Stars and transformed into the brand-new skill Long Night, it was able to enhance its original effects of Tenacity and Night Capture, providing Star with more endurance while absorbing the dark powers in the surroundings actively to accelerate its recovery.

Currently, its recovery could cover nearly 70% of the power it consumed.

Following this trend, once Long Night was promoted to Three Stars or even higher, Star might potentially become a perpetual motion machine in the real sense.

“Meow-” (Go, go, go!)

Ziyun, who panted after having run for some time, was casually lying on Star’s back, recovering its own strength.

As time ticked away, Xu Ran’s expression slightly changed.

The marked criminal had entered the bottom of an abandoned factory.

“Is that the hideout…”

Xu Ran turned around to wave at the sky behind him.

Zhang Heyear promptly appeared on the back of the Giant Gold Eagle, “What’s the matter?”

“We’ve found the criminal’s hideout, we should call the other Leadership Level strong men too.” Xu Ran’s expression looked a bit stern, “The number of people on their side, is a bit much..”