Chapter 181 - 125 The First Three Stars Of Star’ 1

Chapter 181: Chapter 125 The First Three Stars of Star’ 1

Translator: 549690339????????? ’—

Knowing the full parameters of his evolution conditions, ingredients, and ceremony, the light faded from Star’s eyes, which sparkled like purple crystals. Another horse that had lost its dreams.

Five Three Star skills sounded like an impossible goal.

“Don’t be too disheartened.” Xu Ran said in an amused tone, stroking the fur on Star’s neck for reassurance, “It may take more time, but at least we have a direction, right?”

“Meow.” (Guess that’s the only way.)

Comforted by the Beast Master, Star’s mood brightened a little and his eyes flared with renewed determination.

If the path of evolution is difficult, then he will take every step properly from now on!

“Meow!” (Let’s allocate the resources!)

Star set his gaze upon the blackboard before him, and unhesitatingly exchanged all the Skill Fragments, Skill Fusion Stones, and Skill Points he had. These three items alone cost Star 1900 Value Points, coupled with the 500 Value Points spent on exchanging the King Species Evolution Path, Star only had 14.60 Value Points left.

“Meow!” (Exchange for the Energy Abundant Potion, no need for Physical Points!)

Reviewing the remaining resources, Star made a quick decision.

Despite having various training resources now, none could match the efficiency of an Energy Abundant Potion in improving Skill Proficiency.

A bottle of that potion is always better than none.

As for the Physical Points, they were the least needed for Star at the moment. Thanks to the resources exchanged with Beast Master Points, Star’s growth progression has been rapidly increasing. Preparing for evolution would take a long time, and advancing too quickly was not necessarily beneficial.

Reaching the pinnacle and then delaying the breakthrough does have its benefits, but it’s not without drawbacks. The longer the delay, the harder it might become to control the power, which could lead to an uncontrollable breakthrough.

If Xu Ran’s contract power wouldn’t break through the Third Stage within a short time, the forced repression through the Beast Taming Contract wouldn’t be a concern.

But considering Star’s evolution difficulty and the current speed of Xu Ran’s meditation, the probability of Xu Ran’s contract power breaking through to the Third Stage before Star meets the evolution conditions is quite high. Thus, Xu Ran may not be able to help with repression.

Subsequently, Star exchanged the remaining 1410 Value Points into Beast Master Points.

Ziyun, who had willingly yielded before, gladly claimed the remaining Physical Points and Beast Master Points.

Looking at the balance of 722 Beast Master Points brought tears to Ziyun’s eyes.

No longer single digits! @@novelbin@@

He could exchange for more Energy Blocks!

With money comes the good stuff. This time, all dual attribute!

“Alright, the allocation is over, now let’s use these resources.” Xu Ran smiled “Ziyun, what’s your plan?”

“Meow, meow, meow!” (Apply all points! Exchange everything for dual attribute energy blocks!)

No problem.” Xu Ran nodded and began to add points.

Growth Stage: Elite Stage (26843/30000) [+]

HI

Growth Stage: Elite Stage (29985/30000) [+]

Hmm?

Xu Ran can’t help but raise an eyebrow as he noticed Ziyun is only a breath away from reaching the Elite Stage Mastery. He then took out a Dual Attribute Energy Block and handed it to Ziyun, “Here, eat this.”

“Meow?” (What’s the matter?)

Ziyun blinked in confusion, took the Energy Block and quickly ate it.

Watching the growth progress on the panel rise little by little as Ziyun digested the energy block, reaching (30000/30000), Xu Ran nodded with satisfaction.

His compulsive desire for perfection was satisfied.

“Meow-”

Ziyun stretched lazily, understanding Xu Ran’s intent then.

At the moment when his growth stage progress reached its maximum, Ziyun felt the same limitation he had felt at the Transcendent Stage Mastery. This feeling of being shackled and unable to improve his strength.

Elite Stage, Mastery!

“I’ll open a Thunder Attribute area for you in the Foster Area later. You’ve just made such a leap in strength, make sure to practice more.” Xu Ran gave a casual reminder then opened the Beast Master Points Exchange Panel.

Ziyun can exchange all his Beast Master Points for 48 dual attribute energy blocks. Having already used more than half of his previous energy blocks, this compensated for his consumption.

Of course, Ziyun’s balance also…

“You only have 2 Beast Master Points left.” Xu Ran tells Ziyun, shrugging. “Meow-”

Ziyun was on the verge of tears.

The experience of wealth is always short-lived.

“Since we are here, let’s exchange the evolution materials for Star.” Xu Ran clicked to open the other exchange list.

Dark Stone Marrow, requires 200 Points for exchanging.

Life Dewdrop, requires 60 Points for exchanging.

Transcendence Flower, requires 50 Points for exchanging.

Combining all the auxiliary materials for evolution, due to the higher price of Dark Stone Marrow, the Points spent on these three items were even more than what Ziyun had spent on his four items earlier.

But Star was not short of this small amount. Including all the Points he received today, Star’s Beast Master Points had reached 5543.

“Next is the main material…”

Xu Ran started to search individually for the main resources needed for evolution.

He couldn’t find the Horn of an adult Night Demon Dragon, an item Xu Ran hadn’t heard of before.

However, when he was searching for the Dark Attribute King Stage Blood Essence, Xu Ran not only found it smoothly but also got the news of the Night Demon Dragon.

“Star…” Xu Ran sighed, “I found the Dark Attribute King Stage Blood Essence for exchange. The exchange price is same as the previous Thunder Attribute one, 800 Points. But….”