Chapter 185 - 127: The Tainted..._1

Chapter 185: Chapter 127: The Tainted…_1

Translator: 549690339 |

“Screech—”

Accompanied by a sharp and fierce cry, the Giant Gold Eagle flapped its wings, causing a whirlwind. The creature suspended approximately about one meter off the ground, swept away the dust and slowly landed on the ground.

“We are here.” Zhang Heyear took the lead, jumping off the Giant Gold Eagle’s back with a serious expression, his eyes fixed on a building in front of him. “This is the crime scene.”

“Alright.” Xu Ran, who followed Zhang Heyear off the Giant Gold Eagle, was enveloped by a Hexagram Star Array. Ziyun and Star emerged from the whirlwind, curiously observing their surroundings.

“The other Leadership Level Beast Masters should be faster than us.”

Zhang Heyear glanced at his cellphone, obtaining information from the internal Association chat group about the movements of other Leadership Level Beast Masters, “Those that could make it here have already completed their search of the crime scene and have begun an extensive search.”

“With their involvement, those desperate criminals will surely be apprehended today.”

“In that case, we should pick up the pace,” Xu Ran’s voice held a trace of urgency, “We’ve come this far, we can’t let it be in vain!”

The bodies of this group of criminals were covered with Star Dust.

If they were to be eliminated by other powerful Beast Masters, the matter of Star Dust would no longer concern him.

“Um… Alright.” Zhang Heyear looked at Xu Ran a bit peculiarly.

Little Boss Xu seemed eager to put on a show, probably aiming for a notable position in subsequent case reports to advertise for his Foster Shop.

The only fault Boss Xu had was his obsession with advertising.

“Let’s move!” Zhang Heyear quickened his pace, commanding the Giant Gold Eagle to rise into the sky and stand by. Behind him appeared the Hexagram Star Array.

From within a storm, a robust giant ape emerged, its prominent Leadership Stage aura became apparent the moment it appeared. The familiar aura stirred Star into turning its head towards the creature.

Leader of the Dark Attribute species, the Blood Demon Ape.

“Little Black.”

Zhang Heyear uttered, and the aggressive aura of the Blood Demon Ape immediately contracted. It scratched its head somewhat embarrassingly and showed Xu Ran, Ziyun, and Star a friendly smile.

Its crimson eyes no longer drove fear into people’s hearts. Instead, they now appeared rather honest and naive.

“As darkness approaches, Little Black’s strength will be enhanced. He’s enough help.” Zhang Heyear explained.

“Okay.” Xu Ran waved at the Blood Demon Ape as a form of greeting. Then he led the two Pet Beasts and followed Zhang Heyear towards the building where the crime happened.

Taking the elevator up to the twelfth floor, they swiftly arrived at an empty room.

“The missing person’s name is Ding Wei, a fourteen-year-old girl,” Zhang Heyear, who had familiarised himself with the case files in advance, cautiously walked into the room and slowly started speaking.

“Xi Lu…” (I can’t get in.)

Star, who is over two meters tall, lowered his head and tried to enter. But then, he groaned helplessly. @@novelbin@@

Darn it, being too big is indeed too inconvenient.

“Roar hey!”

The Blood Demon Ape managed to squeeze into the room, then teasingly squinted at Star.

“Meow-”

Ziyun covered its mouth with its paw and giggled softly. Then it jumped up and lightly patted Star’s head as a gesture of comfort.

“Are the criminals only kidnapping underage girls? Or are there also boys?”Xu Ran signaled Star to wait outside while asking.

“Both genders.” Zhang Heyear, who had started searching the room replied casually, he paused and then continued, “Ding Wei’s parents were out working, but she was feeling unwell today, so she came home early from school.”

“She was kidnapped by a Transcendent Being while alone at home. Her parents discovered something was wrong upon their return and reported it to us.”

“Other Beast Masters found some clues in her home, but they were of little help to the progress of the case,” Zhang Heyear gestured towards a wardrobe, “For example, here.”

Xu Ran, following Zhang Heyear’s lead, quickly moved forward and began to closely inspect the area.

On the door of the wardrobe was a particularly clear scratch. The cut was smooth with no cracks around it. It seemed like it had been swiftly devoured by some powerful force.

Such a mark is hard to attribute to any ordinary humans or objects without Transcendent Powers. On the contrary, it seems more likely to be the work of a Transcendent Being.

On the inside of the scratch mark were tiny, shimmering fragments.

Zhang Heyear casually pulled the curtains closed and then turned off the lights.

“Snap!”

In the pitch-dark room, the fragments on the wardrobe began to glow of their own accord, like countless scattered stars, creating an extremely radiant view.

“This is Star Dust,” Zhang Heyear turned on the lights again, “It can absorb Transcendent energy and aura. Because of its existence, all the evidence left on this scratch by the criminal has been concealed.”

“Could this Star Dust still be used if it’s scraped off?” Unexpectedly, Xu Ran questioned.

“Um…” Zhang Heyear stuttered because of Xu Ran’s unusual line of thought, but still promptly responded. “No.”

“Star Dust is a kind of pure and special resource. It can absorb aura and Transcendent Powers. But after the absorption, it is contaminated and cannot be used again.”

“You saw it just now, the light emitted by the Star Dust contained obvious impurities, which symbolizes its contamination..”