Chapter 188 - 128: Golden Eagle Turned Into Sand Sculpture?! _2

Chapter 188: Chapter 128: Golden Eagle turned into Sand Sculpture?! _2

Translator: 549690339

“Did you guys notice the bulging thing in his arms just now…” One of the Leadership Level Beast Masters said, an odd expression on his face.

“Forget it, if it weren’t for Boss Xu’s help, we might still be groping around in the dark!” Another Leadership Level Beast Master chuckled, “Let’s just pretend we didn’t see anything.”

“Nothing beats seeing in person, Boss Xu sure loves advertising.”

“This small matter aside, let’s hurry up and save people.” Zhang He coughed youthfully, quickly changing the subject and leading the others inside.

“Star Dust, got it!”

Back in the shop, Xu Ran’s face was full of delight as he held the newly acquired, still warm Star Dust over his head.

Star was also overjoyed.

They had obtained a piece of resource without spending any Beast Master Points.

At this moment, it understood the joy Ziyun felt when she got the Power Bone Dust.

That was the happiness of getting something for nothing!

“It’s getting late, I’ll keep the Star Dust for Star. Let’s rest early.” Xu Ran smiled as he stored the Star Dust, “Hopefully, Elder Zhang won’t come asking for it tomorrow.”

If everything had gone as expected, his small trick would not have escaped the eyes of the few Leadership Level Beast Masters. They were just choosing to turn a blind eye.

But that was just temporary.

Once the arrested criminals confessed their crimes, the matter with the Star Dust would certainly not remain hidden.

If the Beast Master Association does not pursue the matter, then he would have no qualms about keeping the Star Dust.

If the Beast Master Association wants to retrieve it, that is also fine.

He could just redeem them with Beast Master Points if it came to that.

It’s not a big deal.

“Boss Xu, you really did move quickly.”

The next morning, a smiling Zhang He appeared in the Starfire Foster Care Shop, getting straight to the point, “That big bottle of Star Dust, you took all of it.”

“Cough cough.” Even with Xu Ran’s thick skin, he was feeling a bit embarrassed, “I just picked it up while passing by.”

“Take it.” Seeing Xu Ran’s embarrassed expression, Zhang He laughed, “Anyway, Star Dust is not that valuable, it’s just rare. It’s a resource extracted from the meteor.”

“Then I will thank the Association for this.” Xu Ran smiled, “Did the criminal gang confess?”

“Yes.” Zhang He nodded slightly, his smile gradually faded, and his expression became serious, “It would have been fine if they didn’t confess, but once they did, the whole Beast Master Association was in an uproar.”

“Ah?” Xu Ran blinked, “Is there something more to this matter?”

“Yes.” Zhang He nodded, “A Leadership Level Beast Master acting personally to kidnap an ordinary minor, this situation is already out of the ordinary.” “Indeed.” Xu Ran nodded in agreement.

He already had some doubts about the credibility of this matter from the start, but he was distracted by the Star Dust and didn’t pay much attention.

If the purpose of the kidnapping was for ransom, they surely would have called the kidnap victim’s parents, and such a powerful Beast Master wouldn’t need to go to such lengths to get money.

If their intention was to traffic them, then that’s even more illogical.

Qingzhou city is too small, and the distance between cities is so far that it’s not worth trafficking minors to another city.

And for the same reason, they don’t need to go through so much trouble to get money.

With this in mind, the motive of their actions is very puzzling.

“They pledged allegiance to Wild Super Creatures.” The answer from Zhang He surprised Xu Ran.

“Ah? Pledge to Wild Super Creatures?” Xu Ran’s face revealed obvious surprise and confusion.

He racked his brain but didn’t think it would be this.

“Among Super Creatures, those that are relatively powerful possess wisdom not inferior to Humans. They have established a certain order with intricate power distribution outside the city,” Zhang He’s expression became more grave.

“Perhaps because they were surrounded and sealed off for too long, some pessimists started to take extreme measures.”

“The many kidnapped teenagers have one major thing in common, they are very close to reaching the First Stage of Contract Power.”

“Contract power can accelerate the growth of Transcendent Beings, and when a Transcendent Being’s power surpasses that of a Beast Master’s contract ability, they can strengthen themselves through a forced contract, draining the Beast Master’s life force.”

“Those guys plan to gather ten and discreetly send them out of the city as a token of goodwill to the wild Transcendent Beings outside the city.”

“In doing so, they can obtain the recognition of wild Transcendent Beings, freely exit the city in search of resources without being attacked.”

“Such a vicious incident is happening for the first time in Qingzhou City; last night, the city lord was absolutely furious.” Zhang Heyear shakes his head helplessly.

Knowing the exact situation, Xu Ran’s expression worsens, “These guys are too outrageous, they’re completely lawless.”

Searching for resources outside the city without being attacked by wild Transcendent Beings is indeed tempting, but such a despicable act must be severely punished.

“Regardless, we have cut off their source; we will also increase our control over this matter in the future.” Zhang Heyear’s expression lightens up, “Let’s talk about something happy.”

“This afternoon, the Association will announce the details of this incident, inspiring people and alerting them to this situation.” Zhang Heyear pauses slightly before continuing, “Of course, recognition of those who contributed is also included.”

“Can you give my foster shop a mention?” Xu Ran appears excited and hopeful.

“Yes!” Zhang Heyear rolls his eyes at Xu Ran teasingly, “Boss Xu, you’ve done a great service this time. Although it was a bit unorthodox, the Association finally agreed after considering your case.”

“That’s great!” Xu Ran chuckles.

Since his previous promotion through washing and caring for stray pet beasts, an increasing number of customers have been coming to the shop for training.

Pranks, the last system skill Xu Ran unlocked and the only one yet to reach B level, has seen a faster increase in experience. @@novelbin@@

This is an excellent thing as Pranks not only relates to the completion of his main task 1 but also provides skill points which both his pet beasts currently need.

By rights, its value should be equivalent to physical points.

However, currently, because the training service is not as popular as the foster care service, skill points have become scarcer.

Presumably, after this afternoon’s recognition, the number of clients coming for training will rise again.

“I’m always wondering, Boss Xu, why do you keep advertising the training service?” Zhang Heyear looks at the price list on the wall with some confusion. When he sees that it costs 66666 yuan for an hour of training for a Leadership Stage Pet Beast, he winces-

Pretty pricey!

Yet Xu Ran’s repeated promotions for the training service had indeed aroused Zhang Heyear’s interest.

Having experienced the previous success of the washing and cleaning pearls, Zhang Heyear hesitates a moment before gritting his teeth, “How about thraining my Giant Gold Eagle for an hour?”

“Okay.” Xu Ran laughs, leading Zhang Heyear towards a back door, “This way, please.”

A moment later, they arrive at the Earth attribute Training Area.

Zhang Heyear, looking at the extremely realistic mountains and ridges around him, is speechless –

So magnificent?

Is Space Expansion even capable of this?

“You’re training the Earth attribute skill, Solidification, right?” Xu Ran looks at Zhang Heyear for confirmation.

“Yeah, that’s right.” Zhang Heyear nods.

The Giant Gold Eagle possesses two attributes, wind and earth.

The dual attribute means that the evolution process is more difficult, but it seems the eagle has an advantage in comparison to single-attribute beings. Further, it is less likely to be controlled.

“Alright.” Xu Ran nods slightly, brings out a sack of special resources and a shovel from the training equipment room. Then he finds a flat surface and starts to dig a hole laboriously.

Under the stunned gaze of Zhang Heyear and the Giant Gold Eagle, Xu Ran quickly digs out a hole big enough to accommodate the Giant Gold Eagle.

After evenly sprinkling the resource powder around the hole, Xu Ran gestures for the Giant Gold Eagle to come, “Get in.”

“Boss Xu, what the…” Zhang Heyear looks a bit suspicious, “What kind of training method is this?”

“Trust me.” Xu Ran gives Zhang Heyear a confident look before shoveling dirt to bury the Giant Gold Eagle in the hole, leaving only its head exposed.

An hour later.

Looking at the Giant Gold Eagle, which has improved visibly since the beginning of the shell skill, with its body gradually turning into granular sand but also strangely becoming more stone-faced, Zhang Heyear is silent.

Good training, let’s not do it again next time.

Just discovered that 119 chapters have been reviewed and a couple of hundred words deleted, damn it!