Chapter 183 - 126: Disappearance Incident, Don’T Forget The Initial Intentional

Chapter 183: Chapter 126: Disappearance Incident, Don’t Forget the Initial Intentional

Translator: 549690339 I

“Boss Xu, is Boss Xu there?”

Outside the closed door, a somewhat familiar voice called out.

Xu Ran followed the sound and quickly spotted a familiar figure standing outside the door.

Having called out twice without a reply, the individual quickly stepped forward, about to knock on the door, but Xu Ran rushed forward to greet “Elder Zhang, I’m here.”

“Oh oh…” Zhang Heyear saw Xu Ran step forward to open the door and quickly pulled back his hand which had intended to knock, scratching his head in a nonchalant manner, “So you were here after all.” @@novelbin@@

“Yes, I was occupied with something.” Xu Ran smoothly tucked the small blackboard away into a corner, “Elder Zhang, is there something you need?” Ziyun and Star, who were initially about to head downstairs to test their improved powers, glanced at each other and halted their steps, perking up their ears to listen in.

-Hey! Nothing much.” Zhang Heyear broke into a smile, “Just that the care and grooming activity for the stray pet beasts that took place a few days ago is now concluded, right?”

“That’s right.” Xu Ran nodded.

Every stray pet beast under Boss Cat had completed a round of care and grooming.

Given that they had been roaming around Qingzhou City for some time these Stray pet beasts probably make up all of the stray pet beasts in Qingzhou City. The cleaning services for subsequent stray pet beasts won’t be as frequent. If done sporadically, cleaning an average of one pet a day would suffice.

“The issue of stray pet beasts has always been a headache for the Beast Master Association, and now that it’s fully resolved, many Beast Masters in the Association are delighted,”

Reaching this point, a puzzled expression crossed Zhang Heyear’s face, “So they decided to reward you.”

“A reward?” Xu Ran’s eyes lit up, “There’s no need to go through any trouble directly…”

“Err…” Zhang Heyear seemed to already guess what Xu Ran was going to say so he quickly interrupted by bringing out a banner from behind him, “This is the Association’s reward.”

…Just a banner?” A hint of disappointment crossed Xu Ran’s face.

“Not exactly, there’s also a prize money of a hundred thousand.” Zhang Heyear glanced at the price list on the wall, “However I suspect Boss Xu might not fancy this amount.”

“How can that be? I believe that the cash reward has more value than ■■ As Xu Ran was talking, he unfurled the banner in his hands only to suddenly quiet when he saw the large words on it, “is less valuable than this banner.” His expression was instantly filled with righteousness, “The Association is too kind, I’ve just performed some trivial tasks, and I feel embarrassed accepting such a reward.”

“Hehe, this is what you deserve.” Zhang Heyear fake laughed, a twitch appeared at the corner of his mouth, and seemed to see through everything already.

“In that case, I’ll accept this reward, all the while feeling a bit shameless.” Xu Ran was overjoyed and promptly hung the banner in the most conspicuous spot in the shop.

The words on the banner, “Qingzhou City’s Excellent Fosterage Shop,” were clearly displayed.

Just by hanging this banner alone,

Which Beast Master wouldn’t step inside to take a look?

Xu Ran loved this reward!

“I came here this time to deliver the banner on behalf of the Association but I also have a personal favor to ask.” Zhang Heyear said after a pause, “Is Boss Xu busy now. If not, could you provide a care and grooming session for my Giant Gold Eagle?”

Frankly speaking, Zhang Heyear was not very interested in pet grooming before this. But given that the recent five-day stray pet beast grooming event was initiated because of him, it caught his attention.

The transformation of the pet beasts before and after grooming genuinely left him astonished.

And as he was watching, he couldn’t resist the idea of arranging for his own pet beast a grooming session.

The Giant Gold Eagle was at the cusp between a large pet beast and a super-large pet beast, with a wingspan reaching ten meters. Going by the pricing for large pet beasts, a grooming session at Starfire Pet Shop would cost over sixty thousand.

Although he, being a Leadership Level Beast Master had funds, he had never indulged in such extravagant grooming before.

“Of course, no problem.” Xu Ran glanced at the hanging clock.

The Foster Shop was still open for business.

Naturally, he couldn’t turn away a customer at the door.

Especially a familiar one.

Xu Ran looked at the Giant Gold Eagle that was curiously poking its head in through the door.

[Race: Giant Gold Eagle

Attribute: Wind attribute, Earth attribute

Growth Stage: Leadership stage

Body Type: Large Size

Maintenance Need: *****

Evaluation: The minimalist, Son of Wind, soaring in the skies, believes wind can clean itself. Please let the host use his hands and passion to show it the gentle charm of water.]

“Come in.” He gestured for the Giant Gold Eagle to enter the shop, then led it to the Grooming Room.

Ziyun and Star moved forward to take a look at the banner, then feeling somewhat uninterested, walked together towards the back gate and headed down to the foster area on the basement level.

Their powers having just been greatly enhanced, they needed to familiarize themselves with their newfound power as soon as possible.

Inside the grooming room, Xu Ran donned his gloves, looked at the still curious Giant Gold Eagle and gave a half-smile, “Alright, lie down now. It’s time for your grooming.”

“Caw~”

The Giant Gold Eagle nodded agreeably and lay neatly on the grooming platform after retracting its wings.

And just like that, the grooming session officially started.

The prepared bath cleanser, at just the right warm temperature, was sprayed gently and evenly onto the body of the Giant Gold Eagle, quickly soaking its slender golden wings.

Following that, the tiny, fine down feathers hidden under the main feathers got wet too, sticking tightly to the muscular body of the Giant Gold Eagle..