Chapter 180 - 124: Another Ten In A Row, Star’S

Chapter 180: Chapter 124: Another Ten in a Row, Star’s

Evolution Path!_2

Translator: 549690339

Let’s wait until they complete today’s training before allocating new resources.

“Boss Xu, Washing and Protection!”

“Ah, here comes a customer!”

Seeing the customer walking in, Xu Ran cheerfully responded and plunged back into his busy business.

Time flew by quickly and soon, the six-hour training of the two pet beasts came to an end.

When Ziyun and Star returned to the first floor of the shop tiredly, Xu Ran closed the shop door and with one sentence made both of them thrilled again.

“The new round of resources allocation, begins!”

“Meow!” (I want more Beast Master Points this time!)

Ziyun, who only had a mere four points left, looked determined.

With points, it can exchange for more resources to empower itself.

Although the current resources can be enough for it to advance to the Elite Stage, the power gained after the breakthrough will not be wasted, but lead to a surge in improvement.

As for other resources, it, having just completed its evolution, didn’t need them as much as Star who hasn’t evolved yet. Remembering how Star had voluntarily stepped aside for its evolution before, Ziyun quickly gave the priority to Star without any hesitation.

“Xi Lu!” (Will there be an evolution path this time?)

Star’s eyes were filled with anticipation.

There were so many things it wanted to exchange for.

For it who has only conducted one skill fusion, it was in urgent need of the skill fusion stone and skill fragments to enhance its skills through further skill fusion.

Without a single Waning Moon Level Skill, it desperately needed Skill Points to support the enhancement of its proficiency in addition to its hard training.

However, none of these mattered to Star as much as the King Species Evolution Route. With an evolution route, it would have a clear path to grow stronger, avoiding detours and focusing entirely on preparing for evolution.

“The good news is that we do have an evolution route this time,” Xu Ran grinned slightly and began writing on the small blackboard:

“Physical points: 3142 (unallocated)”

“Skill Points: 540 (unallocated)”

“Skill Fragments: 4 (Star) + 56 (unallocated)”

“Energy Abundant Potion: 1 bottle (unallocated)”

“Skill Fusion Stones: 8 (unallocated)”

“Beast Master Points: 4 (Ziyun) + 4133 (Star) + 2128 (unallocated)”

“King Species Evolution Route xl”

The unallocated Energy Abundant Potion and Skill Fusion Stones were acquired together with the King Species Evolution Route.

“Xi Lu!” (Yay!)

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, Star’s eyes lit up. Seeing the text on the last line of the blackboard made its eyes glow even brighter, like shining purple stars.

“Meow-” (Congratulations!)

Ziyun patted Star’s shoulder and giggled happily.

Being a King species itself, it naturally didn’t need another evolution route.

So, the evolution Star had been yearning for was finally within reach.

Star lowered its head to rub against Ziyun as a response, and then urged Xu Ran to start with its eyes.

“Xi Lu!” (Start exchanging!)

“No problem.” Xu Ran smiled,” The total value of unallocated resources this time is 7720 Value Points, so each of you will get 3860 Value Points.”

“Now, you can begin your exchange.”

“Meow-” (Star goes first!)

Unlike the previous anxious exchange, this time Ziyun immediately stated that Star should make the first choice without any hesitation.

Star gratefully looked at Ziyun. Knowing that it was not the time to be modest, it didn’t hesitate and quickly made its choice.

“Xi Lu!” (Evolution Route!)

“Let’s choose the evolution route first, then proceed with the other exchanges.” Xu Ran nodded with a slight smile.

This choice was hardly surprising.

When the King Species Evolution Route was used on Star, just like the last time, many evolution paths appeared before Xu Ran.

[Evolution Path: Night Colt (Dark) ->? Night Horse (Dark)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: *****]

[Evolution Path: Night Colt (Dark) ->? Night Soul Shock (Dark)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: ★****]

[Evolution Path:…]

“Select five-star evolution potential?”

With the experience from last time, Xu Ran was no longer clueless about how to make the choice. After receiving a positive response from Star, he didn’t take long to lock onto the only evolution path among these with the five-star evolution potential.

[Evolution Path: Night Colt (Dark) —? Star God Horse (Dark)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: *****

So it’s a dark attribute evolution type…

Xu Ran’s eyebrows twitched slightly.

When he was searching earlier, he saw several evolution paths that could give Star a second attribute after evolution. However, the highest evolution potential of these paths was only three stars, and the lowest was only one star.

Conversely, the evolution paths that did not change the attribute after evolution had a potential of five stars.

Originally, because of Gu Wu’s introduction to multi-attribute evolution, Xu Ran subconsciously thought that increasing attributes after evolution was the most powerful. @@novelbin@@

Now it seems that may not necessarily be the case.

The most suitable one is the best.

That’s the one!

With Xu Ran’s choice, other evolution paths disappeared, leaving only this one called Star God Horse. It unfolded under his tense and expectant gaze.

[Evolution Path: Night Colt (Dark)^ Star God Horse (Dark)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: *****

Evolution Conditions:

1. Night Colt has not yet broken through Leadership Stage

2. All of Night Colt’s talent skills should be upgraded to three-star skills before evolution

3. All three-star skills achieve Waning Moon Level proficiency

Evolution Materials: Adult Night Demon Dragon’s single horn (main), Dark Attribute King Stage Blood Essence (main), Star Dust (main), Dark Stone Marrow, Life Dewdrop, Transcendence Flower

(The absence of the main material will necessarily result in evolution failure, and the absence of auxiliary materials will decrease the success rate of evolution)

Evolution Ritual: Gallop in pure darkness, elevate to the extreme before the last bit of strength is exhausted, and finally complete the evolution.]

Scanning the information about Star’s evolution type in detail, a thoughtful expression surfaced on Xu Ran’s face.

It’s different.

Compared to Ziyun’s previous evolution path, there are significant differences in Star’s evolution path.

First off, the evolution conditions.

Star’s evolution conditions did not require mastering an additional three-star skill nor did it require Tenacity, which is currently a common skill, to be upgraded to a Dark Attribute three-star skill.

From this perspective, Star’s evolution conditions are relatively lax.

But the difficulty for Star to meet these conditions has not decreased at all.

Because it has a whopping five talent skills!

“Because it’s inherently strong, it doesn’t need to master additional three-star skills; and because there are no new attributes after evolution, there are no extra requirements for common skills…”

Xu Ran vaguely speculated a certain pattern, then turned his gaze to the evolution materials required for Star’s evolution.

Good news, one less material.

Bad news, the difficulty of obtaining them is just as high.

Of the three main evolution materials, Xu Ran only knew about the Dark Attribute King Stage Blood Essence.

The conditions and ways to obtain the other two main materials would require patient searching.

As for the auxiliary materials, there were only three this time, and Life Dewdrop and Transcendence Flower were used when Ziyun evolved.

This indirectly confirmed Xu Ran’s previous speculation about the purpose of auxiliary materials.

As for the last piece of Dark Stone Marrow…

Xu Ran had seen it when he was exchanging resources for Star. The exchange was not difficult, but the price was not cheap.

As for the last evolution ritual…

Xu Ran’s eyebrows puckered slightly.

After hearing Ziyun’s evolution process, and realizing that even with thorough preparation, evolution is still so dangerous, he fully acknowledged the importance of evolution rituals.

This seemingly odd thing could indeed help the pet beasts to accomplish the evolution more smoothly, so he must not take it lightly.

But this time’s evolution ritual doesn’t seem as straightforward as before.

“Pure Darkness”, “Elevate to the Extreme”.

Such words gave Xu Ran a somewhat bewildering feeling.

Star’s evolution is not simple…

“About your evolution, there’s some good news and some bad news.” Xu Ran took a deep breath and looked at Star.

“Xi Lu?” (What?)

Star blinked, its expression suddenly becoming nervous.

Would there be complications with its evolution?

“The good news is that your Beast Master Points should be enough to exchange for the required evolution materials.” Xu Ran paused slightly, “The bad news is that your requirements for skill fragments, skill fusion stones, and skill points…”

“Will be difficult to satisfy in the short term.”

“Xi Lu Xi Lu?!”

Still eight thousand today, tears in my eyes..