Chapter 189 - 129 Beast King’S Test I

Chapter 189: Chapter 129 Beast King’s Test i

Translator: 549690339

“The three horrifying incidents of minors being kidnapped by transcendent powers that occurred consecutively this month, all five culprits have now been apprehended.”

“Rest assured, the Beast Master Association will spare no effort to protect the lawful rights and interests of every citizen in Qingzhou City, and we will not allow transcendent powers to be used for evil purposes.”

“According to Xiao, the lead criminal among the five, the reason behind their abduction of minors is not as straightforward …”

“… I urge the general public to believe that we are gradually gaining the upper hand in our confrontation with the wild super creatures. The bright future will certainly belong to the humans.”

“If anyone encounters a similar event in their lives, we welcome you to exercise your citizen’s right to supervision and report to the Beast Master Association promptly. The Association will prioritize cases like this.”

“In addition to the efforts of our Association members like Zhang Heyear, Yao Pingchuan, and other Leadership Level Beast Masters in the investigation and arrest of the criminals from this case, we also need to thank Mr. Xu Ran, the owner of Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

“Mr. Xu’s ability to discern the criminals’ intentions is as efficient and miraculous as his training methods, which simplified this case…”

“Click!”

A sturdy arm reached out, grabbed the remote, and pressed the power off button on the ongoing news broadcast.

“Enough already!” After turning off that damned TV and shutting off the handsome face of Xu Ran on the news, Wang Xuebin huffed, threw the remote onto the nearby sofa, crossed his arms, and looked displeased.

It’s that brat again!

In just a few days, this was already the second time he had heard news about this pesky kid, and every single time the news would mysteriously mention that fancy training method…

The huge Beast Master Association, also advertising for this shop. How shameless!

He, the owner of Beast King Foster Shop, felt gravely threatened at this moment.

Previously, the Starfire Foster Shop only advertised for its foster care services and washing and protection services. Although their foster care service clashed with Beast King Foster Shop’s,

With lower prices and years of built-up reputation, Beast King Foster Shop could barely maintain its scale.

More importantly, he had an ace in the hole. That was the professional sparring trainer he had spent a fortune on from the Second-Level Town. With this credential, the Beast King Foster Shop still maintained absolute authority in training services.

But now, as Starfire Foster Shop’s advertisement began leaning heavily towards accompanying training services, Wang Xuebin felt a strong threat.

After all, he had already suffered a defeat from that kid once.

In the previous beauty contest, he teamed up with the owner of the Dawn Foster Store, Fang Liming, to create the absolute top contestants. But they were ridiculed, and not only did they fail to damage Starfire Foster Shop’s reputation, but instead became stepping stones.

After that incident, Fang Liming completely gave up on challenging Starfire Foster Shop, but his Beast King Foster Shop didn’t offer washing and protection services, making it even tougher to make an impact on Starfire Foster Shop on its own.

“Old Wang, what’s the matter?”

A charming and beautiful woman heard the noise and walked out of her bedroom in her nightgown, sitting next to Wang Xuebin, her face exuding a gentle smile.

Seeing the woman in front of him dissipated most of Wang Xuebin’s anger, but in response to her question, he grunted and pointed at the now-turned-off TV, “It’s that damn brat Xu Ran again.”

“We’re all just trying to do business, but he has no martial virtue!” @@novelbin@@

“The business world is a battlefield, there’s no place for martial virtue,” the woman gave a wry smile, leaning over to fix his slightly askew collar, “You’ve been complaining about this shop for a while now.”

“Ah!” The woman’s gentle adjustment of his collar seemed to soothe Wang Xuebin’s irritation. He sighed in helplessness.

“Our store has been in operation for nearly ten years, maintaining its current scale. Now our business is being snatched away by a store that suddenly appeared out of nowhere.”

“I can’t accept this!”

“I understand.” The woman smiled, a peculiar glint in her eyes, “So, shall we go and see Starfire Foster Shop together?”

“Hmm?” Wang Xuebin couldn’t help but look at the woman in front of him.

Su Qiang, his wife, also a professional sparring trainer at Beast King Foster Store.

When Wang Xuebin was able to lure her from the Second Level Town, aside from handing over a heavy sum, it was also because Su Qiang had developed feelings for him.

While jointly managing the Beast King, their feelings deepened and they eventually got married.

“I want to see what their training services are really like,” Su Qiang smiled slightly, “Besides, you’ve been harping about this shop for so long, but you haven’t been there yourself, right?”

“So… shall we go?”

“Mr. Xu’s ability to discern the criminals’ intentions is as efficient and miraculous as his training methods, which simplified this case…”

“Clap, clap, clap!”

“Brilliant!” Hearing the advertising in the news report, Xu Ran clapped enthusiastically, “Absolutely brilliant!”

Ziyun, who was lazily lying by his side, raised her head to look at Xu Ran, before shifting her gaze away.

She was startled, thinking Xu Ran was trying to mimic a cat.

“This advertisement placement is a classic of the advertising industry, a perfect example of seamless integration.” Xu Ran’s face was filled with satisfaction, “With this ad, and this!”

He pointed to the banner hung in the most prominent position on the wall, visible from the entrance of the shop, with the phrase “Qingzhou City’s Outstanding Foster Shop” emblazoned on it.. His face said it all: “This move is solid!”