Chapter 184 - 126: Disappearance Incident, Don’T Forget The Initial Intention—2

Chapter 184: Chapter 126: Disappearance Incident, Don’t Forget the Initial Intention—2

Translator: 549690339

It was a peculiar sensation, akin to being gently pressed by a palm.

The Giant Golden Eagle’s body shuddered slightly. This unprecedented sensation left it momentarily stupefied.

As Xu Ran continued to wet it, the plush down deep within the Giant Golden Eagle’s feathers was thoroughly soaked. Under the washing of the water, the down clung to its body and gently swayed, as if countless hands were stroking the Eagle’s body.

This peculiar sensation caused the Giant Golden Eagle to narrow its sharp eyes contently, a few hints of comfort emerging on its face.

“Kree~”

[Pleasure Value from the Giant Golden Eagle +15]

[Pleasure Value from the Giant Golden Eagle +15]

[From…]

Observing the familiar arrival of pleasure points, Xu Ran’s gaze towards the Giant Golden Eagle gradually became affectionate.

Having just completed a Ten Consecutive Drawing, Xu Ran, who had allocated all his accumulated resources, was as poor as could be now.

Pleasure value, the more, the merrier.

“Hsss?? ”

Despite having seen the remarkable contrast of many stray pet beasts before and after washing and protection at the Starfire Foster Care Shop, and having certain expectations in his heart, Zhang Heyear was still astounded when he saw his own Giant Golden Eagle rejuvenated under Xu Ran’s seemingly magical hands.

“This eagle…” Zhang Heyear quickly walked up to his Giant Golden Eagle, circled around it, incessantly clicking his tongue in amazement.

Previously, his daily ride on the majestic Giant Golden Eagle had already aroused much envy from his colleagues at the Association.

And now…

Thinking about the scene of him riding on the back of the Giant Golden Eagle with every feather gleaming post-grooming, and returning to the Association to a crowd of onlookers, Zhang Heyear felt blissful to the point of exhilaration.

The washing and protection, it was worth it!

“Boss Xu, thank you so much!” Without any hesitation, Zhang Heyear paid by scanning the QR code, “I can’t wait to ride on its back and soar in the sky.

“Please.” Xu Ran smiled.

He had never seen any customer dissatisfied with his grooming service.

The genuine smiles and surprise on his customers’ faces after grooming was motivating for him as well.

Of course, this would not lead to him reducing the charges for his customers by

a single cent!

“There’s no time to lose then. 1’11…” Just as Zhang Heyear was about to bid

farewell, his phone rang with an urgent tone.

Hearing this specially set ringtone, his relaxed smile quickly faded and he walked to a corner of the store to answer the call.

“Hello, this is Zhang Heyear…”

A moment later, the Zhang Heyear who had returned after ending the call was filled with anger, “Those despicable guys, damn them!”

“Elder Zhang, what happened?” Curiosity got the better of Xu Ran, “Could you

tell me if it’s convenient?”

-Sure.” Zhang Heyear nodded slightly, although his expression remained grave, “At the beginning of this month, a blatant criminal gang appeared within

Qingzhou City.”

“They targeted underage individuals for their kidnappings. In just half a month, they have succeeded three times and the missing individuals still haven’t been found.” @@novelbin@@

“So, they’re kidnapping for money?” Xu Ran’s expression became serious, “If their aim is money, they should have reached out to the victims’ family, right?” “From the current situation, it seems their goal is not money. That’s the most troublesome part.” Zhang Heyear shook his head, “We can only be sure that they are still in Qingzhou City and they couldn’t have gotten away. Other than that, we have no leads.”

Xu Ran nodded slightly, his expression growing solemn.

Who would’ve thought that even in this supernatural world where Beast

Masters exist, there would be…

Wait a minute, Beast Masters?

Xu Ran’s mind stirred, “Those criminals, they must be Beast Masters too, right?”

“Correct.” Zhang Heyear nodded, “Ordinary people would not be able to perfectly hide their tracks from Beast Masters.”

“Even for Beast Masters, it’s quite difficult to achieve this.

“At their crime scenes, strong figures from our Association discovered a resource called Star Dust, which has an effect of hiding tracks and aura.”

“Under normal circumstances, we can take this as a breakthrough and identify them through the Beast Master Association.”

“However, the other party did not register at the Beast Master Association. At this point, Zhang Heyear failed to notice Xu Ran’s gaze, which was gradually turning odd. He couldn’t help but sigh, grit his teeth, and give the counter a hard thump.

“Just now, that damnable fellow got away with it again,

■■The impact of this incident has already been devastating, leading the Beast Master Association to expand its scope of investigation.” Zhang Heyear paused slightly, “Originally, there were only four Leadership Level Beast Masters involved in the investigation and pursuit.”

“Now, all the Leadership Level Beast Masters in Qingzhou City are required to keep an eye out for this incident in their spare time. Anyone who manages to capture the criminal will be greatly rewarded.”

“Don’t pass on what I’ve said so far.” Zhang Heyear glanced at Xu Ran and advised him, “The situation is not yet ready to be completely public.

“I understand.” Xu Ran suddenly spoke up, “Elder Zhang, can I be involved too?”

“Huh?” Zhang Heyear was clearly taken aback by Xu Ran’s suggestion, an astonished expression appeared on his face. “You want to join in too?

“Yes.” Xu Ran nodded, his face gradually clouded with a sense of justice, “Such an evil criminal poses a great threat to the entire city. As a member of Qingzhou City, I have a duty to help.

Zhang Heyear fell silent.

He looked at Xu Ran with complex eyes.

The fact that the other party wanted to get involved at this point caught him

off guard.

He had always believed that Xu Ran’s work in washing and grooming stray pet beasts was merely a publicity stunt for his shop.

Could it be that he misinterpreted things? Was Boss Xu really a righteous citizen with a strong sense of responsibility?

Entertaining this possibility, Zhang Heyear felt a bit guilty all of a sudden.

However, this matter…

“It’s too dangerous.” Zhang Heyear shook his head, “Based on our prediction, the criminal is likely to be a Leadership Level Beast Master as well, which allows him to kidnap victims right under the nose of these strong figures.” “Both my pet beasts are at the Elite Stage, one of them has even evolved into the King Species. It may not be able to face a Leadership Level, but it should at least be able to defend itself.” Xu Ran spoke calmly, “My other pet beast can provide a boost.”

“Moreover, it has a very powerful visual skill, which can assist in the search.

’You…” Zhang Heyear was touched.

King Species.

Despite appearing to be not that strong, Boss Xu actually managed to make one of his pet beasts evolve?

And what about his other pet beast that possesses supportive and investigative skills?

Zhang Heyear, who initially intended to firmly reject the request, wavered

now.

There are less than twenty Leadership Level Beast Masters in Qingzhou City. Their pet beasts differ from each other, but they are lacking in investigative skills.

This was the reason why the Beast Master Association has been unable to find the criminal for such a long time.

And now…

Maybe, it’s worth giving it a shot?

Filled with anticipation, Zhang Heyear took a deep breath, “I am not the one to make this decision, just wait. I will report this to the Association.” After finishing speaking, he turned and walked to a corner to make a call. While Zhang Heyear was on the phone, Xu Ran summoned his pet beasts Ziyun and Star from downstairs using Contractual Sensing.

“The Star Dust is found! Hurry up here!”

“Xi Lu?” (So soon?)

Star paused for a moment then sprinted toward the underground passage, his eyes filled with excitement.

Could it finally gather another piece of its evolution resources?

“Meow~”(I’ll go and see too-)

Upon stepping into the passage, a bolt of lightning appeared beside Star. Ziyun’s eyes were blinking in eager anticipation.

The last time it received resources, Star helped it quite a bit. It already had a plan to help whenever Star needed resources.

Now, its wish was finally fulfilled!

By the time the two pet beasts appeared before Xu Ran, Zhang Heyear who was on the phone requesting the Beast Master Association’s guidance on the matter, also ended his call.

“The Association agrees.” He took the liberty of spending a bit more time looking at Xu Ran’s pet beasts, then slowly spoke up “Boss Xu, thank you for your help.”

“It’s what I should do.” Xu Ran gave a slight smile, “If you want to thank me, you can mention the Starfire Foster Care Shop’s services in the newspaper after capturing the criminal.”

Zhang Heyear:

As expected, Boss Xu never forgets his original intention!