Chapter 195 - 132: The First System Clerk! _1

Chapter 195 - 132: The First System Clerk! _1

Chapter 195: Chapter 132: The First System Clerk! _1

Translator: 549690339

Suddenly, Xu Ran thought of the Foster Care Services that reached its maximum limit a while ago.

The system had reasoned then that his energy is limited. Accepting more Pet Beasts for fosterage would scatter his focus and wouldn’t provide them the best service.

Now, with System Clerk’s help, this problem seemed to be solvable.

“Will the maximum limit of Fosterage increase if I let you take responsibility for it?” He inquired tentatively.

“Yes.” Tony affirmed this point.

And his answer was not limited to that.

“In fact, the maximum limit of fosterage has already increased since I have helped to share your workload,” Tony gave Xu Ran a wink, “The current Foster Area can accommodate up to fifty Pet Beasts.”

“If you hand over the Foster Care Services to me, the maximum limit can increase up to one hundred Pet Beasts.” Saying this, Tony, raising his arm thicker than Xu Ran’s thigh, squeezed it hard to reveal a particularly strong biceps, his face expressing a confidence as if saying “I am very reliable”.

Indeed, Xu Ran was shocked by Tony’s claims.

Add one System Clerk and the maximum limit of Fosterage has already increased up to fifty. If the Foster Care Services are turned over to the System Clerk, it can continue to increase?

If that’s the case…

“If I handed over the Washing and Protection or Companion Training Services to you, could they also be enhanced?” Xu Ran asked the critical question.

“Absolutely,” Tony nodded in confidence, “As a complaint-worthy new era excellent clerk, I remember the self-cultivation of a clerk well. If you gave me the Washing and Protection Services, they can continue 24 hours a day.”

“If you gave me the Companion Training Services, the maximum limit of the Training Area entry time will extend from six to eight hours.”

Xu Ran:”!!!”

He wanted to take back his previous words.

If that’s the case, then the importance of System Clerk is more significant.

It can not only free his hands but also unlock things that he cannot unlock by himself…

In this way, by paying half of the proceeds of a particular service, there is a good chance of getting more than he could have imagined!

Ziyun and Star’s gaze towards Tony also became friendly all of a sudden.

“The maximum limit of training area becomes eight hours”; this phrase kept echoing in both the Pet Beasts’ minds.

Both Pet Beasts looked at each other and came to a consensus at that moment.

We must find a way to let Tony take responsibility for companion training!

“If two more System Clerks came to take care of one of the three services, then can I just do nothing and lounge around while the Pleasure Value and other profits roll in?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but speculate about this exciting prospect suddenly.

“nonono!” Tony raised a hand and wagged his index finger in the air, “A maximum of three System Clerks can’t run the shop independently without you in charge, boss.”

“What else is needed then?” Xu Ran probed further.

“A System Store Manager.” Tony replied earnestly, “The System Store Manager can also take charge of one type of service. So at least one System Store Manager and two System Clerks are needed to take over the shop’s operations when you are not around.”

“System Store Manager?” Xu Ran raised an eyebrow involuntarily.

How come this thing exists too?

“The System Clerk can be upgraded to the System Store Manager.” Tony explained briefly, then turned around, swaying his butt and waved his huge hand like a fan before he turned back to Xu Ran and shot him a seductive wink, “So please take care of my promotion, boss.”

Xu Ran:”…”

Become unserious just after a few words, huh?

He was slightly worried if this character of his would scare away the customers.

“What is required for an upgrade?” Xu Ran sighed helplessly.

Although he asked, he had a hunch in his heart.

“It needs a hundred thousand Pleasure Value, ten thousand Physical points, ten thousand Skill Points, a thousand Skill Fragments and also, the clerk must have worked for at least a month.”

Tony’s eyes started drifting; he held out both his hands’ index fingers mashing them together and puffed up his cheeks, making an innocent face.

“Why don’t you go rob someone!” Xu Ran wanted to curse.

He could accept a hundred thousand Pleasure Value, which is only ten less in consecutive connection.

But what about the rest of it?!

Ten thousand Physical Points, ten thousand Skill Points, a thousand Skill Fragments.

Ever since he got the system, he hasn’t reaped as much as a total!

Tony stopped playing with his fingers, lifted his head and showed an apologetic smile.

“Boss, please don’t get angry, the System Store Manager has other benefits.” Tony opened and waved his palm, his face beaming with a touch of mysterious intrigue as he winked at Xu Ran.

“Spill it out.” Xu Ran took a deep breath.

What benefits could match his invest…

“Profits from services are only deducted twenty percent, and there’s an extra upgrade to the services.”

“Good!” Xu Ran stepped forward and patted Tony’s shoulder heavily, “You work hard, and the future position of the store manager is yours!”

Watching Xu Ran and Tony, who had instantly become chummy, Ziyun and Star looked at each other in mutual frustration and shook their heads.

His own Beast Master is really…@@novelbin@@

“So, my boss-” Tony crossed his arms in front of his chest and tried hard to open his small eyes wide expectantly, “which business am I in charge of?”

“Hmm…” As a man with a system, Xu Ran gradually became immune to Tony’s flirtatious behaviour. After giving it some thought, he finally made up his mind, “This is what we’ll do, you can take charge of each of the three services for a day, and then after three days, I will make a decision.”

The services managed by Tony can be upgraded, but the profit will be halved. Just from Tony’s words, Xu Ran was unable to determine what changes this would bring in the end. So, might as well let Tony try all three. It could also be seen as a comprehensive assessment of Tony’s abilities..