Chapter 199 - 134: Full Moon Level Proficiency!

Chapter 199: Chapter 134: Full Moon Level Proficiency!

Change of Situation! _1

Translator: 549690339

“Well talk about allocating points later.”

Xu Ran paused slightly, “Let’s talk about the distribution next.”

“Xi Lu!” (I’ll take all the skill fragments!)

Star was the first to express its intention with a snort.

Although it had enough skill points, it still had a long way to go to upgrade all its talents to three stars.

So, the more skill fragments, the better.

After exchanging 73 skill fragments, its total skill fragments reached 83, and it could exchange two two-star skills, that is to say, it could upgrade another two-star skill to three-star level.

“Ok,” Xu Ran divided the skill fragments to Star, “Next is the Energy Abundant Potion…”

“Meow!” (I want that one!)

This time, it was Ziyun’s turn to speak first.

The Energy Abundant Potion is used for training and helps boosting skill proficiency more than the energy blocks, after all, infinite power is much more efficient than being continuously depleted and restored.

But when it comes to power increase, it can’t compete with energy blocks.

After all, the main purpose of the latter is to enhance strength.

Since Star has already upgraded its skills to the Waning Moon level through skill points, its demand for Energy Abundant Potion is not as great.

But Ziyun needed it very much.

Because it was poor!

The double-attribute energy cubes it had exchanged before were almost used up, and having an Energy Abundant Potion would save some double-attribute energy cubes.

The feeling of poverty was always haunting it.

It had to be thrifty…

“Xi Lu~” (No problem-)

Star agreed readily, turning its gaze to the next item.

“Xi Lu Lu~” (I want all the Skill Fusion Stones!)

“Meow-” (Then I’ll exchange all Beast Master Points!)

Ziyun decisively swapped the Beast Master Points to make its single-digit balance return to four figures again.

Star did not express any objections to this.

It currently had more than 4,000 Beast Master Points, and the only remaining materials needed for evolution was a single horn of an adult Night Demon Dragon. Xu Ran had previously asked Gu Wu about this, and the price of this resource was between 2,000 and 3,000 points.

As for the usual resources to increase strength…

Since it had reached the peak of the Elite Stage, it should strive to keep its strength within a controllable range before it can evolve.

“Then there are only physical points left,” Xu Ran circled the remaining physical points with chalk, which neither of the two pet beasts had chosen.

This time, both pet beasts faced a quandary.

The reason was straightforward: both had reached the perfection of the Elite Stage, and there was no need for physical points.

Exchange now for use during leadership Stage in the future?

Isn’t that a bit too early?

“In that case, your remaining Value Points will be left for the future.” Seeing the two pet beasts in trouble, Xu Ran laughed, “The remaining Value Points can be used in subsequent resource allocation.”

“Not every resource allocation has to be used up completely.”

The two pet beasts had no objection to Xu Ran’s proposal.

“Well, the allocation is now complete.” Xu Ran looked rather excited, “It’s time for the thrilling resource-using session again!”

“First up, Star’s Skill Fusion!” Xu Ran looked at Star, which had been waiting for a long time, and opened the system recycling function.

“Xi lu Lu!” (Upgrade Twilight Watch!)

Star nearly decided without any hesitation.

The reason it upgraded Night Eyes to three stars earlier and turned it to Night Inspection was that it just happened to get an Insightful Eye, and only another skill was needed for the exchange.

Otherwise, Twilight Watch should have been upgraded first.

As Star’s most powerful supporting skill, Twilight Watch greatly enhances its allies. Upgrading it to three stars is very promising.

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded, and quickly pulled out two two-star skills with the highest fusion success rate with Twilight Watch from the skill exchange list. @@novelbin@@

[★★ Twilight Watch] + [★★ Guardian] + [★★ Common Lot]

[Fusion Success Rate: o.63%

0

]

[Proceed with fusion?]

[Yes][No]

Another three skills fusion, and the fusion success rate is less than one percent.

Xu Ran and Star looked at each other and then forcefully pressed [Yes].

Give me…

Fusion!!!

One…two…three…

The words “Fusion Failed” popped up time and time again, but they couldn’t undermine Xu Ran’s determination to accomplish the fusion.

In the end, after using up eight Skill Fusion Stones, the fusion of the three skills was successfully completed.

[★★ Twilight Watch (Starlight Level)] (371/500) [+]

[★★★ Night Rune (Starlight Level)] (371/500) [+]

It seemed that the luck was quite good; last time when conducting three-skill fusion for Ziyun, it cost a total of nine Skill Fusion Stones.

Xu Ran breathed a sigh of relief and then looked at Star with a contemplative look, “How is the effect of the new skill?”

“Xi Lu Lu~”

The light in Star’s eyes gradually brightened, and it made a fervent roar, and the next moment a faint light flashed on the surface of its body.

At the same time, two mysterious black rune seals quietly appeared, revolving around Ziyun and Xu Ran.

Ziyun’s momentum, which had already reached the perfection of the Elite Stage, rose higher and higher under the empowerment of new power, and instantly reached a much higher level than Twilight Watch, to Xu Ran’s joy..