Chapter 198 - 133 New Purple Item' 2

Chapter 198 - 133 New Purple Item' 2

Chapter 198: Chapter 133 New Purple Item’ 2

Translator: 549690339 |        —

“Xi Lu?!” (Really?!)

Star’s eyes instantly light up.

The fact that it can never run out indicates that the skill points this time are enough for it to upgrade all five skills to Waning Moon Level!

Even next to him, anticipation radiates from Ziyun’s eyes.

If Star doesn’t use up all the points, could the remaining points be used for her, to allow for a rush to Full Moon Level skills?

In the watchful eyes of the two expectant Pet Beasts, Xu Ran quickly jots down the allocation of resources this time on the blackboard.

“Physical points: 6164 points”

“Skill Points: 540 points (Star) +5270 points (undistributed)”

“Skill Fragments: 10 (Star) +73 (undistributed)”

“Energy Abundant Potion: 1 bottle (undistributed)”

“Skill Fusion Stone: 2 pieces (Star) +8 pieces (undistributed)”

“Beast Master Points: 2 points (Ziyun) +4433 points (Star) +2128 points (undistributed)”

“Fetal Breath Orb xl”

“Xi Lu?” (So many?)

“Meow?” (So many?)

Looking at over 5000 undistributed skill points, both Pet Beasts’ eyes light up instantly.

“That’s right, it’s that many.” Xu Ran nods with a light smile.

With Tony taking over the Washing and Protection, his whole day was spent on accompanying training. Consequently, his speed of gaining skill points has noticeably accelerated compared to the previous days.

As for the income situation after Tony taking over the Washing and Protection, it can’t currently be counted.

Although he has closed up shop, Tony will continue later and the upcoming round will be Tony’s sole Washing and Protection special.

Only when he starts business tomorrow morning can he see whether Tony taking over Washing and Protection earns more than his normal Washing and Protection tasks.

The two Pet Beasts continue to scan, their gazes swiftly landing on the Fetal Breath Orb.

This is an unfamiliar resource.

And unfamiliarity often entails it being a good thing.

Both Pet Beasts instantly realize something and simultaneously turn their gaze to Xu Ran, with a hint of inquiry and anticipation.

“The use of this Fetal Breath Orb is to speed up the birth process of Transcendent Beings yet to be born, significantly enhancing their potential.” Xu Ran voiced the utility of the Fetal Breath Orb, meeting two pairs of instantly glowing eyes. He paused momentarily before adding, “But…”

“Both of you can’t use it.”

“Meow?” (Why?)

A loss immediately appears on Ziyun’s face. She was thinking that if this resource had nothing to do with Star’s evolution, it was bound to be hers…

“Xi Lu…”(Such a pity…)

Star’s expression also disappoints, it thought this resource could assist in its own evolution.

“The function of the Fetal Breath Orb is to speed up the birth process of unnascneed Transcendent Beings, while significantly enhancing their potential.” Xu Ran explained the function of the Fetal Breath Orb.

Both Pet Beasts’ faces stiffen simultaneously, their movements synchronizing in the next moment as they turn to look at the staircase leading to the second floor.

In a flash, they think of who could utilize this resource.

“It seems you understand.” Xu Ran smiles, “The situation is special currently. Following the allocation rules established earlier, a Beast Egg cannot participate in the allocation.”

“But this resource is just right for it, and both of you can’t use it.”

“So… I have a proposal.”

“Meow?” (What proposal?) Ziyun reveals a look of curiosity. “This resource, let’s deduct 250 Value Points from both of you and give it to the Beast Egg to use.” Xu Ran’s voice briefly halts, “The 250 Value Points are obviously not for free, but…”

“Xi Lu!” (Borrowed!)

Star beats him to the answer, its eyes showing understanding as one of its paws can’t help but raise, slashing through the air twice.

“That’s right, just like that.” Xu Ran nods, “When the Beast Egg hatches, if a Contract is confirmed, then we’ll deduct from its future Value Points.” “If the Pet Beast from the hatched egg is very unruly and can’t get along with both of you, then no Contract will be made. And it’ll have to make up for it in some other way!”

“Of course, the probability of the second situation is not high.” Xu Ran shrugged.

Unlike Ziyun and Star, this is an unhatched Beast Egg.

The little life being hatched from it is like a blank piece of paper. Just by guiding it correctly, it shouldn’t be difficult for it to get along harmoniously with the two Pet Beasts.

Ziyun and Star understand this principle, nodding in agreement. “Meow-” (Or should I be the one borrowing the whole 500 points? Star hasn’t evolved yet and requires Value Points.)

Ziyun glanced at Star and suddenly suggested.

“Xi Lu!” (No way!)

Before Xu Ran could speak, Star instantly shook his head, expressing its disagreement vigorously.

“Xi Lu Lu~” (This is the power I am contributing to our unborn companion, we can’t be stingy!)

It had roughly scanned its value points just now and they seemed quite abundant this time.

Thinking of its own territory within the foster area, the stone that kept the tally hadn’t been used for a long time and was covered with dust. Now that it could finally use it again, Star felt an inexplicable excitement.

“Meow-” (Is that so…)

Ziyun’s expression also became serious.

It turned out that these 250 value points were not just a loan, they were also the strength it contributed to its future companion.

Its realm was too small!

“Meow-” (You’re right!)

Ziyun hopped up and patted Star’s head, admiration and admiration appeared in its eyes.

Unaware of when, its little brother’s mindset had grown so much. “Since we’ve decided on the allocation of the Fetal Breath Orb, the two of you can now start exchanging resources.” Seeing the two little creatures interact so intimately, a heartwarming smile appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

He hoped that the beast egg after hatching can also get along with them so intimately.

“After each of you deduct the 250 value points for the Fetal Breath Orb, each of you still has 7571 value points.” Xu Ran announced the value points of the two pet beasts this time, and then tapped the small blackboard with a chalk, “You may start.”

Ziyun turned its gaze towards Star.

As usual, Star, who was about to evolve, made the first choice.@@novelbin@@

“Xi Lu?” (How many more skill points do I need to upgrade all my talent skills to the Waning Moon Level?)

Star didn’t rush to exchange. It glanced at the skill points on the small blackboard and turned to ask Xu Ran.

Without the panel, although it could feel its own proficiency increasing, it could not clearly know the progress and needed Xu Ran to tell it.

“Let me see.” Xu Ran casually opened Star’s panel. [★★★Night Inspection (Starlight Level)] (323/500) [+] [★★Twilight Watch (Starlight Level)] (371/500) [ + ] [★★Star Chain (Starlight Level)] (380/500) [+] [★★Night Song (Starlight Level)] (334/500) [+] [★★Long Night (Starlight Level)] (458/500) [ + ] This was the current proficiency of Star’s five talent skills. “Reset    ”

Xu Ran took out the calculator, quickly calculated and got the final result.

“You need 634 skill points in total. Your previous 540 skill points haven’t been used, so you only need to exchange 94 skill points to upgrade all talent skills to the Waning Moon Level.”

Only this much?

Excitement appeared in Star’s eyes.

Indeed, not rushing to add points, waiting until the need arises and then completing the addition all at once, is the correct choice.

“Xi Lu?” (How many skill points do I need to upgrade Nightfall and

Self-healing Power to the Waning Moon Level?)

“Let me see…” Xu Ran took a look.

[★★Nightfall (Starlight Level)] (308/500) [+]

[★Self-healing Power (Starlight Level)] (162/500) [+]

“These two skills require 530 skill points.”

“Xi Lu!” (Then, exchange for 2624 skill points!)

Star quickly calculated in its heart and made a decision.

With so many skill points, it could upgrade all its skills to the Waning Moon Level, and upgrade one skill to the Full Moon Level!

Although it could exchange for more, Star knew that previously Big Sister had let it have more to help it reach evolution conditions faster, to prepare for evolution.

Once the proficiency of skills reaches the Waning Moon Level, further improvement is not for the purpose of evolution. It will not be appropriate to monopolize the skill points.

“You have 2646 skill points left.” Xu Ran turned to look at Ziyun, “These skill points should be enough for you to upgrade the skills that were not upgraded to the Waning Moon Level last time, and then upgrade one skill to Full Moon Level.”

“Meow!” (Yes!)

Ziyun nodded quickly, and its eyes were full of gratification as it looked at Star. Little brother is very knowledgeable, Big Sister is very satisfied!