Chapter 192 - 130 Ah— ~_2

Chapter 192: Chapter 130 Ah— ~_2

Translator: 549690339

Training areas are often divided by attributes at many places that provide training services. @@novelbin@@

However, Su Qiang admitted that she had never seen a training area for a particular attribute so realistically depicted.

Needless to say, the other nine attribute training areas within Starfire Foster

Shop are similar in scale to this one.

Is it possible for space expansion technology to reach this level?

“The Split Earth Thorn Dragon can be summoned now,” the reminder from Xu

Ran brought Su Qiang back to her senses.

The Hexagram Star Array sparkled behind her. Amidst the raging winds, the Split Earth Thorn Dragon emerged one step at a time with heavy strides.

Feeling the strong earth attribute power from the outside world, its eyes visibly revealed an exhilarating emotion; it roared excitedly to the sky.

“Ahh ”

Xu Ran slightly raised his eyebrows.

The sound was off.

It didn’t sound like Godzilla at all.

“The skill requiring training is the two-star skill Earth Yell.” Su Qiang looked at Xu Ran, “The Split Earth Thorn Dragon has been stuck at the Waning Moon level for a long time and it isn’t far from achieving the Full Moon level. However, it can never seem to find the feeling of breakthrough.

“Understood.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

The Stardust Level skill corresponds to the Transcendent Stage, the Starlight Level to the Elite Stage, and the Waning Moon Level to the Leadership Stage. This is the average strength for each growth stage.

So, for a Leadership Stage Split Earth Thorn Dragon, having all skills at the Waning Moon level is just ordinary.

Beast Masters who aspire to raise pet beasts will strive for the pet beast’s skill proficiency to be one level higher than the corresponding growth stages.

That is, as many skills of Leadership Stage Pet Beasts as possible should reach the Full Moon Level.

Is the goal this time to break through the Full Moon level for Split Earth Thorn

Dragon’s Earth Yell skill…

An idea came to Xu Ran, and the familiar text appeared in front of his eyes.

[In order to improve the efficiency of this sparring session, the system will grant the Host with the knowledge related to the “Earth Yell Skill Training

Guide”]

The large amount of knowledge about various pet beasts, various proficiencies in executing the Earth Yell, and in-depth analysis of the Earth Yell skill together with a summary of suggested training methods were poured straight into Xu Ran’s mind.

There are quite a few earth attribute pet beasts mastering this skill, but the most representative of them is the Split Earth Thorn Dragon, which is also the core of the Split Earth Thorn Dragon’s output.

After checking through the multiple training methods for Earth Yell in his mind, Xu Ran’s expression suddenly became a bit peculiar.

Most training methods are quite standard.

But just like in the past, the higher the training efficiency, the more playful the methods.

The method with the highest training efficiency is surprisingly consistent with

Xu Ran’s thoughts.

“Hold on.” Xu Ran turned to walk towards the Training Equipment Warehouse and quickly brought out a tape recorder, “Next, I will explain how to train for

Earth Yell.”

“Ahh??? ”

The Split Earth Thorn Dragon nodded heavily, giving a strange feeling of docility even in its ferocious gaze.

Its Earth Yell has been stuck at the pinnacle of the Waning Moon level for a

long time.

just now, Su Qiang reminded it through contractual sensing to take Xu Ran’s training methods seriously, hence its unusual seriousness now.

“Listen carefully.”

Xu Ran took a deep breath and then pressed the play button on the tape recorder.

A delicate voice came out through the recorder and echoed in the vicinity.

“Yah—”

(There is a video in the Easter egg chapter)

The air suddenly quieted down.

Wang Xuebin and his wife glanced at each other, not understanding Xu Ran’s intentions. The Split Earth Thorn Dragon, who was listening attentively to the class, also showed a puzzled expression.

What is he up to?

Soon, Xu Ran provided an answer.

“Imitate this sound.” He spoke in a serious manner, “When you can perfectly produce this sound, your Earth Yell will be able to break through to the Full Moon Level.”

Su Qiang:”???”

Wang Xuebin:”???”

Split Earth Thorn Dragon:”???”

Can the Split Earth Thorn Dragon make this sound?

Both the couple and the pet beast were somewhat confused.

Su Qiang was full of confusion. She knew that some sparring trainers had unusual and seemingly strange training methods.

But this kind of strange, was her first time seeing it.

“What’s the principle behind this?” She couldn’t help but ask, and then coughed slightly, “I was just curious, Boss Xu doesn’t have to explain if he doesn’t want to.”

“Well, there’s really nothing I can’t tell.” Xu Ran shrugged. Previously, when he was accompanying training, some guests had questioned his training methods. He would patiently answer them. Even now, facing a peer, there was no need to hide anything.

“Godzi… ah no, the Split Earth Thorn Dragon is very familiar with the Earth Yell, but precisely because it’s too familiar, it’s breakthrough is difficult.” Xu Ran said earnestly, “So, it needs some novelty.

“When the Split Earth Thorn Dragon uses this skill, it experiences a sensation it has never felt before. It can then regain the initial resolve it had for continual improvement, eventually breaking free from the constraints of the Full Moon

Level.”

“Novelty…” Su Qiang murmured thoughtfully.

Xu Ran’s explanation indeed made sense.

But…

“Why this voice?” Su Qiang couldn’t help but ask.

“Trust me, this voice is the most effective.” Xu Ran couldn’t exactly say it was due to his perverse taste, he just wore a “no comment” expression.

“…Alright.” Su Qiang didn’t dwell on it, signaling for the Split Earth Thorn Dragon to begin.

“Roar—”

The Split Earth Thorn Dragon tried to mask its fearsome, fang-filled maw and imitate the sound it had just heard.

Though the sounds were different from its own, they were still quite far from the sounds produced by the recorder.

-No, you should tighten your throat muscles, like this… and then like this!” Xu Ran immediately stepped in to give directions, replaying the recording for the Split Earth Thorn Dragon to follow along.

Again and again, under Xu Ran’s guidance, the Split Earth Thorn Dragon’s roar gradually altered, sounding more and more like the recording.

The expressions on the faces of Su Qiang and Wang Xuebin, who had been observing the entire process, grew increasingly strange.

“Ya—”

After countless adjustments, the Split Earth Thorn Dragon finally let out a roar that perfectly matched the sound from the recorder.

A spark ignited in its eyes, then it roared again.

“Ya—”

Its Earth attribute power suddenly exploded, immediately causing the large swath of ground within a 500-meter radius to crack like a spider’s web. The terrifying force gushed out from the earth’s fissures, continuously spreading to the surroundings.

Two stars skills, Full Moon Level-Earth Yell!

“Just in time, one hour.” Xu Ran looked at the time and wiped the sweat from his forehead.

Breaking through to Full Moon Level proficiency at Leadership Stage involved he has to accompany and direct it to the whole process, unlike previously when he just needed to give directions and then let the Beast Master accompany it.

However, the effect was pretty clear.

Looking at Wang Xuebin and his wife who were in shock as if they had seen a ghost, Xu Ran just smiled.

“Mission accomplished.”

“Welcome to return again!”

As he stood at the door, seeing off the bewildered couple with a grin, Xu Ran stopped waving his hand and returned to the shop.

His expression gradually became odd.

Perhaps he was accustomed to the long training, after ending the training, Godzilla’s… ah no, the Split Earth Thorn Dragon’s shout was still “Ya–“.

He wondered how long it would last.

“Is this the Starfire Foster Shop that provides accompaniment training services?”

A new customer entering the shop brought a bright smile back to Xu Ran’s face.

“Welcome to visit!”

In the hustle and bustle, six days passed quickly.

With two consecutive advertisements, the accompaniment training service of Starfire Foster Shop visibly gained significant popularity to the point that Xu Ran had no time to provide Washing and Protection.

With no other option, Xu Ran could only schedule Washing and Protection in the mornings with accompaniment training in the afternoons.

It was also a constant reminder that he really needed a helper in the shop. Fortunately, with his continuous hard work, the experience of his Pranks skill was growing at a rocket-like speed and getting closer and closer to B Level.

“Boss Xu, long time no see!”

Su Xiaoxiao’s cheerful and lively voice arrived before she did.

Haven’t seen her yet, just heard her voice.

The next moment, a young girl carrying a Flame Fox appeared in front of Xu Ran.

“I’ve heard about you several times during this period!” Su Xiaoxiao started, grinning happily, “Unfortunately, I have been busy reviewing for my final exams and have not had time to come over.”

“First, train Little Flame for an hour, then give it a wash and protect!

[Pranks (C Level)] (499/500)

Glimpsing at his personal panel and then at his very first customer after the opening of the foster shop, Xu Ran smiled.

“No problem..”