Chapter 193 - 131: B-Level Pranks, Main Task 1 Completed!_I

Chapter 193 - 131: B-Level Pranks, Main Task 1 Completed!_i

Chapter 193: Chapter 131: B-Level Pranks, Main Task 1 Completed!_i

Translator: 549690339

“Boss Xu, we’re not training Flame Dance this time!”

Inside the Fire Attribute Training Area, Su Xiaoxiao happily said, “And I must thank Boss Xu for his help. Because Flame Dance was upgraded to Starlight Level, I scored very high in the beast control practical examination at the end of the semester!”

“Congratulations.” Xu Ran smiled slightly, not boasting about it. “This is all due to your and Flame Fox’s hard work.”

“Hehe.” Su Xiaoxiao scratched her head with a laugh.

She wouldn’t simply accept Xu Ran’s statement, believing it was truly her and Little Flame’s hard work that allowed for the successful breakthrough to the Starlight Level.

Without Boss Xu’s amazing training method, Little Flame should have been able to upgrade Flame Dance to the Starlight Level only in the next semester. However, there were also side effects…

Recalling how Little Flame, after scoring high in the practical examination at the end of the semester, broke into a dance in front of all the teachers and students, Su Xiaoxiao still felt somewhat embarrassed even now.

It’s so embarrassing!

“So, do you plan to train Flame Wall or Fire Eye this time?” Xu Ran glanced at Flame Fox, who had just landed lightly and was looking around, and asked.

“This time we’re training Flame Wall!” Su Xiaoxiao answered without hesitation.

Compared to the one-star Fire Eye, the training priority of the two-star skill Flame Wall is naturally higher.

“No problem.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

With a move in his heart, the training guide for Flame Wall appeared in his mind.

However, his expression gradually became more interesting as he read through all the recommended training methods.

This training method…

“Wait for me.” Under the gaze of Su Xiaoxiao and Flame Fox, Xu Ran turned and went into the Training Equipment Warehouse, quickly fetching the training equipment.

A tape recorder and a dance mat.

“This is…” Seeing the familiar training equipment, Su Xiaoxiao’s eyes gradually widened, “Boss Xu, you’re not going to train Flame Wall through dancing too, are you?”

Though it was fine to use dancing for Flame Dance, why would Flame Wall need dancing too!

“That’s right, but the dance is different.” Xu Ran nodded slightly and began to explain seriously, “Flame Wall is a skill that constructs a wall-like structure out of flames, with the built wall possessing defensive and counter-attack abilities.”

“Flame is elemental power. Constructing a wall as Earth Attribute does is difficult to imagine, so the best way to enhance such a skill is…”

“To experience what a wall is really like.”

“So, it’s necessary to familiarize with real walls?” Su Xiaoxiao asked curiously.

If that were the case, Little Flame is already quite familiar with them in her daily life, isn’t she?

“No, of course it’s not that simple.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, “As I said before, the wall constructed by the flames is virtual, so in order to improve the skill proficiency, one needs to know how to make the wall from virtual to real.” “By… imagination!” Xu Ran’s expression became serious, and he pressed the play button on the tape recorder heavily.

The rhythmic music intro quickly rang out, and Xu Ran’s body lightly swayed to the rhythm of the music, with one hand on his waist and the other raised forward with the palm open.@@novelbin@@

“Follow my movements!”

“Oh, okay!”

Having had previous experience, Su Xiaoxiao hurriedly followed Xu Ran’s movements.

“Ying!”

This is good!

Listening to the new music, Flame Fox’s eyes lit up. Standing upright, one of

its front paws was on its waist, the other raised just like Xu Ran’s.

As both person and pet got into position, a voice finally came through in the music.

“Let’s all, cle~an~ gl~ass~”

(See bonus chapter)

Su Xiaoxiao:”???”

Flame Fox:”???”

Both of them watched as Xu Ran’s dance to the rhythm became serious, and their expressions gradually grew more interesting.

This dance…

Why does it seem so unserious?

An hour later.

“Cleaning the glass-Cleaning, cleaning the glass-”

The enchanting music echoed in the Fire Attribute Training Field. Su Xiaoxiao and Flame Fox, after their initial resistance, were now moving somewhat enthusiastically to the rhythm.

As for Xu Ran, he had rushed out immediately after demonstrating it once.

It really was too awkward for him, a grown man, to dance like this.

But for that last bit of experience in pranks, it was all worth it.

“[Experience in Pranks +1]”

Looking at the words that suddenly appeared before his eyes, a smile emerged on Xu Ran’s face.

The next moment, the notice of experience gained disappeared, replaced by two new lines of text.

“[Pranks has reached B Level]”

“[Main Task 1 has been completed]”

Finally! After waiting so long, it’s finally here!

Taking a deep breath, Xu Ran opened his personal panel.

“[Host: Xu Ran

Contract Power: Second stage

Contract Pet Beast:

Ziyun [View Details]

Star [View Details]

System Skills:

[Plucking Fur (B Level)] (103/500)

[Drug Application (B Level)] (208/2000)

[Pranks (B Level)] (0/2000)

Pet Beast Skills:

[★★Dragon Power] (Not Teachable)

Physical points: 5324. (Discretionary)

Skill Points: 4.4.10 (Discretionary)

Pleasure Value: 97388

System Upgrade Experience: 0/2000]”

“[Main Task 1: Making a Big Entrance (Completed)]

Task Description: Please upgrade all three system skills to B level.

Task Reward: System Clerk xi, System Upgrade Experience +100]”

“[Click to claim the task reward]”

“[Lottery Drawing]”

“[Recycling] (73 Skill Fragments)”

Finally, that moment has arrived!

Xu Ran took a deep breath, suppressing his inner excitement.

A full month had passed since the system’s upgrade, and Task 1 was issued.

He finally completed this task!

Subconsciously, Xu Ran glanced at the hanging clock on the wall..