Chapter 196 - 132: The First System Clerk! _2

Chapter 196 - 132: The First System Clerk! _2

Chapter 196: Chapter 132: The First System Clerk! _2

Translator: 549690339

The two pet beasts that were initially planning to suggest Tony take responsibility for the training exercises put their plans on hold after witnessing the scene.

“No problem, boss!” Tony responded with a sly smile. “What’ll my charge be next?”

“Today is almost over, we’ll start tomorrow,” Xu Ran checked the time. “From tomorrow on, you’ll be in charge of washing and grooming on your first day.”

As the store’s oldest line of business, washing and grooming already had a solid base of regular customers and is continuously bringing in new ones.

He was curious to see if Tony could handle the responsibility.

“Ok, boss, see you tomorrow-’

1

Tony gave Xu Ran a wink, then turned to walk towards the staircase to the second floor.

It was then that Xu Ran realized he had forgotten something.

“Wait!” He called out to Tony. “Where do you live?”

“Of course, in your bed…” Seeing Xu Ran’s increasingly dangerous look, Tony quickly backtracked, “In the room next to yours.”

“The small room, huh…” Xu Ran stroked his chin.

It was true, there were several vacant rooms on the second floor, which he had previously used for storage.

“You go rest then.” Relieved, Xu Ran waved him off.

“Alright, boss-” As Tony ascended the stairs, he stopped suddenly and turned back to send a heart gesture at Xu Ran, “Boss, keep it up and finish the main task 2 soon-”

Main task 2?

Thanks to Tony’s reminder, Xu Ran remembered that with the completion of main task 1, a new task had appeared.

He casually opened the system panel to check it out.

[Main task 2: Prevention Before Disaster

Task Description: Please have the system clerk upgraded to system store manager, and own a store in any second level town.

Task Reward: System Clerk X2, System Upgrade Experience +200]

So this is the new Main Task 2…

Remembering Tony’s enthusiastic reminder earlier, Xu Ran let out a chuckle.

Turns out, this guy just wants to get promoted to store manager sooner.

However, as he laughed, Xu Ran found it hard to keep up the laughter.

That’s because he suddenly realized the implication of the phrase “Prevention Before Disaster” in Main Task 2.

A system store manager plus two system clerks could perfectly manage the foster shop.

So after completing the main task 2 and receiving the reward, the current Starfire Foster shop could operate as usual, even without him.

Owning a shop in a second level town…

It seems to suggest that he should open a branch in a larger city…

Go to a bigger city?

Xu Ran glanced at Ziyun and Star next to him, his face thoughtful.

The advantages of being in a big city are obvious.@@novelbin@@

Qingzhou City is after all a small place. As a result, Xu Ran has some difficulty acquiring the more rare resources this world has to offer.

This issue was evident when Ziyun evolved. When Star was evolving, he had to travel with Senior Gu to Xieyun City to trade for the final evolution material.

As the two pets, along with future new pets, grew stronger, such inconveniences would only multiply.

But there are downsides to opening a branch.

Xu Ran’s mind was filled with the faces of the customers he’d come to know at the Starfire Foster Shop.

A significant number had become friends with him after frequent visits.

In a world where intercity communication is so inconvenient, if he were to relocate to another city, there would be no way to see them again.

Especially Lucky Liu.

Without him, what will happen with the future ten consecutive drawings…

“Sigh…”

Xu Ran shook his head slightly, his joy at acquiring a system clerk somewhat diminished.

The system is so advanced, why doesn’t it have an item for spatial teleportation?

The next day, Tony’s first day on the job.

“Ohayo!” Early in the morning, Tony, dressed in a pink apron, enthusiastically greeted every passerby at the store door.

Though occasionally his enthusiasm scared people away, he didn’t seem to mind.

Seeing Tony’s cheerful disposition, Xu Ran’s mood also lightened, he laughed and said, “Tony, you scared that lady off just now.”

“No, boss, she was just too shy in the face of my enthusiasm,” Tony replied, feigning understanding.

You never fail to impress, Tony.

Xu Ran was in high spirits, propping up his cheeks and watching Tony’s performance.

Soon, a customer walked into the foster care shop and was greeted by Tony’s warm welcome.

“Ohaiyo, what can I do for you?” Tony’s big face suddenly got close to the sleepy man who looked like he hadn’t been up for long.

“Oh my god!” The young man was wide awake, he stepped back quickly, and looked out doubtfully at the sign outside the shop door.

“Mr. Qi, you are not mistaken.” Xu Ran recognized the man and rose to his feet, smiling, “This is our shop’s new employee, and he is in charge of the grooming service today.”

“Hiss—” Mr. Qi took a breath of cold air, “I’m glad I brought my pet beast for training.”

“Dear customer, we also suggest grooming service. I am very good at it!” Tony winked at Mr. Qi.

“No no…” Mr. Qi couldn’t help shivering, he paced faster, “Boss Xu, let’s hurry to the training area.”

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded at Tony and then showed Mr. Qi to the back door.

Halfway through their walk, Mr. Qi started to look uneasy.

He couldn’t help turning his head and looking back at Tony.

Tony, who caught Mr. Qi’s gaze, winked at him again.

“Hiss     ”

Mr. Qi couldn’t help sucking in another breath of cold air as he followed Xu Ran through the back door to the underground passageway.

But he quickly had a strange expression on his face.

It was weird for him to want to take another look at the clerk, even though every cell in his body was resisting?

What the hell is going on?!!!

After taking Mr. Qi to the relevant training area, Xu Ran stuck around for a while, making sure the training was effective, then strolled back into the shop.

Then, he saw Liu Gu and Tony, who were having a congenial interaction.

Huh?

How did Lucky Liu and Tony get to talking?

Looking at the two, who had already developed a shoulder-to-shoulder relationship, Xu Ran felt he had missed a lot of plot.

“Boss Xu, your new employee is quite interesting.” Liu Gu laughed, “He’s in charge of grooming today, right? Let him do the dog.”

“No problem.”

Xu Ran glanced at the wind lion dog, which was as bloody as usual.

Once the grooming was finished, another ten-round lottery draw could be done.

But before that, Tony’s grooming abilities could be put to the test.

“Come here, my baby- Don’t be shy, come into big brother’s arms!” Tony chuckled “Hehehe” and warmly had an arm around the wind lion dog to escort it into the grooming room.

Xu Ran watched Liu Gu who, as always, waited in the rest area and contemplated for a while. Soon after, Xu Ran also went into the grooming room.

Watching Tony skilfully mix the bath dew faster than himself, and proceeding to wet and clean the dog professionally, Xu Ran nodded approvingly.

Indeed, it wasn’t bad at all. Tony did seem worthy of trust when it came to grooming.

But his expression soon turned weird.

“Bow-wow—”

“Woohoo—”

“Bow-wow—”

“Woohoo—”

Listening to the back-to-back duet echoing in his ears, Xu Ran wanted to crack a thousand jokes just watching Tony clean the wind lion dog, while also wriggling his butt and cheering.

No

lt’s okay for the pet beast to be having a good time, but why are you enjoying yourself too?!

After the grooming, seeing the equally refreshed man and pet, Xu Ran shook his head helplessly.

The reputation of the grooming service was not the best; some people always thought he was not serious.

Now with Tony taking over, the reputation might become even worse.

No matter, we’ll see how it goes with fostering tomorrow.

“Mr. Liu, this is the premium grooming package you ordered for your wind lion dog!” Tony removed his apron, revealing his muscular torso, and shook the apron in his hand at the wind lion dog. “Ta-da~”

“Terrific!” Liu Gu burst into laughter, circling around the wind lion dog, “Teacher Tony, your skill is really something!”

Seeing that they were about to buddy up again, Xu Ran felt his mouth twitching. He gently patted Liu Gu’s shoulder.

Now that we’re here, it’s time for the lottery draw.

Eight thousand words, finished on the high-speed train, feeling emotional..