Chapter 194 - 131: B-Level Pranks, Main Task 1 Completed!_2

Chapter 194 - 131: B-Level Pranks, Main Task 1 Completed!_2

Chapter 194: Chapter 131: B-Level Pranks, Main Task 1 Completed!_2

Translator: 549690339

Only a few minutes remained until the end of today’s six-hour training.

After being recruited by the system, is the system clerk now considered a new member of the store?

Such an important moment should be witnessed by Ziyun and Star.

Suppressing his urge to claim the task reward immediately, Xu Ran began to check other information on the panel.

As he expected, with the full explosion of his training business, the gains from skill points were quickly catching up with physical points.

Next time when distributing resources, Star can fully use his skill points to raise all five of his talent skills to Waning Moon Level.

Not only that, Ziyun can also raise one skill to Full Moon Level.

However, the next resource allocation is not so soon.

Xu Ran’s gaze fell on his pleasure value.

These days, although there was less washing and care, the income from pleasure value was even higher with the three businesses combined.

His pleasure value was enough for a ten-consecutive pull again.

“Another day missing my Lucky Fish!” With his cheeks propped up, looking out at the shop door, Xu Ran sighed.

“Boss Xu, what’s this about a lucky fish?” Su Xiaoxiao who came out with Flame Fox heard him and asked curiously.

“Nothing, you heard wrong.” Xu Ran shook his head, “Are you going to do the washing and care now?”

“Not this time.” Su Xiaoxiao shook her head reluctantly, “My family called me to go home, there must be something urgent, washing and care have to wait until next time.”

“Meow-”

The Flame Fox hung its head in disappointment as it was very upset about not having the washing and care.

“Okay, welcome anytime.” Xu Ran watched a person and a pet leave, then turned his gaze back towards the shop’s back door.

The ones who came out this time were Ziyun and Star, who had completed the six-hour training at the same time.

Compared with six days ago, the charisma of Star at this moment was much stronger, and under the aid of a large number of resources exchanged with Beast Master Points, its progress speed could be described as phenomenal.

At this moment, it had reached the peak of the Growth Stage, the purple crystal-like hooves had become even deeper in color, as if powerful explosive energy was hidden in them, allowing Star’s speed to reach terrifying levels in an instant.

In contrast, the aura of Ziyun next to him didn’t seem much different from six days ago.

After all, it had reached the peak of the Elite Stage six days ago.

However, if one observed closely, they would be able to sense a heart-stirring power hidden under its petite body, as if it was a volcano waiting to erupt at any moment.

“Hurry up, I’ve been waiting for you!” Xu Ran’s face revealed an expectant look as he immediately closed the shop’s door.

At this familiar setup, both Ziyun and Star showed surprised expressions on their faces.

“Meow?” (Are we going to allocate resources again?)

Ziyun couldn’t help but ask.

“No.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, “The next resource allocation will have to wait a bit longer, this time there is something equally important.”

“Our store is about to welcome a new companion!”

As Xu Ran’s words fell, Ziyun and Star had surprisingly similar reactions.

They both looked towards the direction of the stairs leading to the second floor.

Is the new companion the hatching beast egg?

But wasn’t it said that it would take a long time?

“It’s not that egg.” Xu Ran guessed their thoughts from the actions of the two pets, and laughed while shaking his head, “The new companion I’m talking about is not a new pet beast, but… a new clerk!”

“Meow?” (Clerk?)

Ziyun blinked, quickly showing a thoughtful expression.

Speaking of which, other humans who run stores hire clerks to help, right?

So is Beast Master supposed to hire a new clerk for the foster shop as well?

“Xi Lu?” (What kind of clerk is it?)

Star on the other side also showed a look of anticipation.

During its time at the Mount Beast Breeding Base, it had interacted with many base staff, so the clerk should be similar, right? It’s also wondering if it would get along well…

“I’m not sure what kind of clerk it is.” Xu Ran smiled mysteriously, “But soon, we’ll find out.”

As he spoke, Xu Ran, who could no longer hold back, chose to claim the reward without hesitation.

[System Upgrade Experience: 0/2000]

1U

[System Upgrade Experience: 100/2000]

At the same time, new texts appeared in front of Xu Ran.

[Would you like to summon a system clerk?]

[Yes][No]

Summoning…

Upon seeing this word, anticipation began to intensify in Xu Ran’s eyes.@@novelbin@@

What would his System Clerk look like?

Could it be a cute Lolita dressed in a maid outfit, or a gentle elder sister in a cheongsam?

Come on! He couldn’t wait any longer!

Without hesitation, Xu Ran opted for[Yes],

The next moment, a flash of glaring light appeared inside the shop.

A gate of light slowly formed in front of Xu Ran and his two Pet Beasts.

Then, the light door cracked open slowly.

This grand entrance raised the anticipation of everyone present.

The next moment, the door swung wide open with a “swoosh” sound.

Seeing that massive and hairy arm gripping the door handle from the inside, the expressions of Xu Ran and his two Pet Beasts froze simultaneously.

A muscle-bound man, with a ponytail, a thick beard, and a pink apron, strode out of the light door with an air of arrogance.

The muscleman looked around before locking his gaze onto Xu Ran. He winked at Xu Ran, made a heart shape with his thumbs and forefingers, and then let out a deep and magnetic voice.

“Ohayo, Boss Xu!”

Xu Ran:

Stupid system! Give me my Lolita maid and cheongsam elder sister back!

What demon is this System Clerk? Are you kidding me?

Can I return this?!

Perhaps feeling Xu Ran’s emotional turmoil, a new notification appeared before his eyes.

[The appearance and personality of the System Clerk are randomly generated and cannot be changed once summoned]

Okay then.

Xu Ran gave a side glance at the muscleman, who was grinning proudly, and gave up on arguing.

Ziyun and Star, who had gradually recovered from their shock, exchanged a look, each wearing an indescribable expression.

Though they weren’t humans…

They still understood some human aesthetics.

Isn’t this new member of the shop a bit… too strange?

Without noticing the odd look on Xu Ran and the Pet Beasts’ faces, the pink muscleman waved at Xu Ran. His thick eyebrows twitching, he said, “Hello boss, I’m your first System Clerk, Tony. You can call me Tiny-‘

1

“Alright, Tony.” Xu Ran replied, expressionless.

“Ah, such indifference from the boss. I love it.” Tony covered his heart, casting another sultry glance at Xu Ran.

Has this damned system got something against me?

Xu Ran silently cursed in his heart and took a deep breath to calm himself, “Okay Tony, be normal. As a clerk, you should be able to help me with the operation of the Foster Shop, right? Tell me what you can do.”

“Alright.” When it came to work, Tony’s expression got a bit serious, although he still looked a bit frivolous. “I can use all your skills, boss, to quickly take care of any work in the shop.”

“The work I do, you can get half of the Pleasure Value and corresponding rewards. The other half will be my ‘wage’. But…”

He dragged out his words, then unexpectedly made a heart shape with his hand towards Xu Ran, “My delicate body can only take on one type of work-” “Shut up!” Xu Ran rubbed his temples in agony.

Isn’t this guy really created by the system itself?

This frivolous behaviour seemed to have the system all over it.

Mainly, Xu Ran understood that a System Clerk could help with any of the three types of work, taking some of the load off him.

But the cost was that the Pleasure Value and System Skill income the clerk worked on would be halved.

Since he was already struggling to manage all three tasks at once, this loss was not a real loss to him.

Currently, he spent half the day Washing and Protecting and the other half training.

If he allowed Tony to take over one of these tasks, he could spend an entire day on one task, and still get half a day’s earnings from the other.

Viewed overall, his profits would still increase.

However…. is the System Clerk just this simple?