Chapter 190 - 129 Beast King’S Test_2

Chapter 190: Chapter 129 Beast King’s Test_2

Translator: 549690339

“The number of clients coming for sparring sessions are about to skyrocket!”

“The more sparring clients we have, the more skill points we get!”

“Whistle!” (Really? That’s awesome!)

When it comes to skill points, Starfire suddenly doesn’t feel tired anymore.

He who was standing by the side watching TV suddenly shook his head, snorted, and his eyes were brimming with anticipation.

Skill points! Waning Moon Level!

“I think, the next time we allocate resources, we should be able to freely use the skill points.” Xu Ran smiled, opened his personal panel, and glanced at his current progress bar for pranks.

[Pranks (Level C)] (81/500)

When distributing resources yesterday, the data was (59/500). Within one day, the experience points of prank skills have increased by 22 points.

This was due to the increase in advertisement brought about by the broadcast report after providing free washing and protection service to stray pet beasts.

News reports are more effective than broadcasting. The daily increase in experience of pranking should increase even more.

The experience bar of this system skill is as long as applying drugs, but the difficulty of gaining experience is actually lower than applying drugs.

Training a pet beast for an hour can bring him one point of experience. Elite and Leadership Level Beast Masters often bring several pet beasts and train for several hours. Having such customers visit can provide him with quite a few experience points.

Therefore, the day for prank skills to break through to Level B is not far off.

And pranks, far exceeding the past, will also bring a considerable amount of skill points.

Not to mention directly spending all of Starfire’s five talent skills to the Waning Moon Level, Xu Ran can even point all Ziyun and Starfire’s skills not yet at the Waning Moon Level to the Waning Moon Level, and then focus on a new proficiency level above the Waning Moon Level-

Full Moon Level!

Listening to the blueprint outlined by Xu Ran, not only Starfire but also Ziyun, who hadn’t cared much about skill points due to their completed evolution, were now interested.

Full Moon Level Skills!

A skill needs 2000 skill points to break from the Waning Moon Level to the Full Moon Level. With Ziyun’s current training status, it might not be able to reach that level just through training in several months.

If earning skill points becomes more accessible, and the balance exceeds Starfire’s needs, can Ziyun attempt to advance to a new level of skill proficiency?

Thinking of this, Ziyun glanced at Starfire and then lifted a claw and licked it.

Well…there’s no hurry.

Let’s prepare for the younger brother’s evolution first!

“Hello, is this the Starfire Foster Shop known for its excellent training service?”

A newcomer walked into the shop and asked straightforwardly, presumably drawn by the news report.

“Yes, it is. Welcome.” Xu Ran immediately put on a smile.

Starfire and Ziyun both showed kind expressions.

These are all skill points in the making!

As time ticked by, the advertisement effect after the news report was better than Xu Ran imagined. The continuous hustle between the shop and the training area didn’t even leave much time for him to carry out washing and protection.

When the shop was about to close, Xu Ran sent away a satisfied customer. His smile grew deeper.

[Pranks (Level C)] (117/500)

Just in one afternoon, the prank experience increased by 36 points!

Xu Ran is clear that the advertising effect is the best just after the broadcast, and it may not maintain this speed of increase in the future, but it is enough to make him happy.

According to this trend, if he continues for about a week, should his pranking skills be able to break through to Level B smoothly?

Thinking of the upcoming completion of the Main Task 1 and the new reward system clerk, Xu Ran is full of anticipation.

After a busy afternoon, he discovered that it was quite challenging to handle all three businesses when they were all booming at the same time.

The system clerk should be able to solve this problem.

“Welcome!” Catching a new customer through the corner of his eye, Xu Ran stood up, “What kind of service do you need?”

“You’re younger than I expected.” Su Qiang smiled, behind her the Hexagram Star Array shone brightly, in the wild wind, her powerful aura as a Leadership level suddenly exploded.

“Damn…”

With a loud sound, a pet beast with a fierce look and a height of ten meters, emanating a terrifying aura, took step by step out.

It was a dragon-type pet beast that looked like a dinosaur without wings. Its form was broader on the bottom and narrow on top. Under the conical outline filled with robust muscles were ferocious looking scales. On its back, there were spine-chilling spines.

Xu Ran could not help but raise an eyebrow, tilting his head to look at the gigantic beast.

By now, he was able to recognize at a glance, the background of the pet beast before him.

An earth attribute pet beast, the Split Earth Thorn Dragon.

Granted, Xu Ran preferred to compare it to a monster from a sci-fi movie in his previous life.

Godzilla.

The intimidating aura of the Split Earth Thorn Dragon flashed briefly and disappeared. At the hint of Su Qiang, it quickly reined in the powerful aura of its leadership stage, but its fierce appearance still brought enormous pressure on people.

“Let me introduce yourself, my little brother.” Su Qiang had a faint smile on her face, “I am a trainer at Beast King Foster Shop, and this is my husband, the boss of Beast King Foster Shop.”

She pointed at Wang Xuebin who had come here with her. Meanwhile, Wang Xuebin crossed his arms and glared at Xu Ran, “Kid, I can’t wait to see how capable you are to steal our business from Beast King Foster Shop.”

His eyes caught a glimpse of the banner hanging in the shop, and the corner of his mouth twitched hard.

Damn it!

Only after Su Qiang had broken through to become a Leadership Level Beast Master and leveraged their past merits accumulated in the association, that they achieved a similar banner in their Beast King Foster Shop.

This kid had already got one!

“…Beast King Foster Shop?” Xu Ran blinked, an enlightened expression quickly appeared on his face, “I know about your shop. It’s said to provide the best foster services in Qingzhou City.”

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, Su Qiang and Wang Xuebin exchanged a glance.

They’d heard similar things in the past, but why did it feel a bit mocking coming from Xu Ran?

“What brings you here?” Knowing that the pair was from Beast King Foster Shop, Xu Ran, naturally, was no longer treating them like regular customers and asked cautiously.

“Well, here’s the thing,” Su Qiang composed herself, her smile quickly returned, “I’m here in hopes that Boss Xu could train my Split Earth Thorn Dragon.”

Train?

Xu Ran was a little surprised, looking towards Su Qiang.

Didn’t she work as a sparring trainer at Beast King Foster Shop? Why would her pet beast need…

Ah, understood.

Xu Ran realized.

She probably wanted to test his strength?

Unfortunately, he wasn’t terribly interested in such probing.

“I’m sorry,” Xu Ran pointed at the wall clock, “Our shop is about to close soon and the training service ends an hour early. We are no longer receiving any new customers now.”

“You two can come back next time.”

“Hey! You…” Hearing the words, Wang Xuebin’s eyes widened, ready to say something, but Su Qiang stopped him.

“If that’s the case…” Su Qiang managed a smile, “We’ll come earlier tomorrow.”

After finishing her words, she sent back the Split Earth Thorn Dragon and turned around to leave, pulling Wang Xuebin with her.

Although Wang Xuebin had a fiery temper, he was honest in front of his wife. He turned his head back to glare at Xu Ran one last time, then obediently followed Su Qiang.

Watching the couple walking away, Xu Ran touched his chin. @@novelbin@@

With them insisting like this, it seemed inevitable.

Well, if a soldier comes, a general is here to meet; if water floods, let the earth suffocate it.

Stretching lazily, without paying too much attention to this matter, Xu Ran stood up to close the shop door. He then saw Ziyun and Star, who had already moved towards the back door to enter the foster area, and couldn’t help but smile.

These two guys were eagerly waiting for their meals.

It’s time to prepare food for tonight’s foster care residents.

Today’ advertisement was so effective, so let’s add extra food to celebrate their good mood… except for that Pudding Rabbit who keeps knocking over other pet beasts’ food bowls.

Packing up to go on a business trip, the second update will be after midnight. Let me quickly post one update to maintain my full attendance record. Don’t worry; this won’t be counted as tomorrow’s update..