Chapter 197 - 133 New Purple Item' 1

Chapter 197 - 133 New Purple Item' 1

Chapter 197: Chapter 133 New Purple Item’ 1

Translator: 549690339 |   ‘ —

The familiar lottery animation flashed quickly before Xu Ran’s eyes, and he was now able to stay composed in the face of yet another appearance of the color purple.

With Lucky Liu around, everything just seemed so natural.

However, the more natural it felt, the more unbearable it was for Xu Ran to think about potentially moving to another location in the future due to opening a branch and losing the auspicious aura brought by Lucky Liu.

Let’s see what the reward is this time, shall we?

Xu Ran casually checked the reward he had received.

One bottle of Energy Abundant Potion, eight Skill Fusion Stones…

His eyes momentarily rested on an object that radiated a purple light, then abruptly widened.

Wait a minute…

Is this…

A new reward?!

Looking at the completely unfamiliar purple object, Xu Ran held his breath silently.

Well, well!

This is great!

There’s still a while before the second Meditation Acceleration Card expires and both pet beasts have already obtained the King Species Evolution Route’ So before the contract power reaches the third stage, obtaining a third one wouldn’t make much sense.

Under these circumstances, this new resource couldn’t be better timed!

Let’s see what it is…

Xu Ran reached out a hand and touched the brand new purple item called the Fetal Breath Orb.@@novelbin@@

The Fetal Breath Orb is a special item produced by the system that can greatly increase the potential of unborn Transcendent Beings and accelerate their birth rate.

“Huh?”

After reading the entire introduction to the new reward, Xu Ran couldn’t help but utter a sound of puzzlement.

The target of this reward is too clear, isn’t it?

The only unborn Transcendent Being is…

“Boss Xu? What’S wrong?” Liu Gu, attracted by Xu Ran’s sudden exclamation turned to him and asked.

“Oh, it’s nothing.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, “I’ve got some things to attend to, so I’ll take my leave.”

With that, he quickly strode towards the stairs leading to the second floor.

“Huh…” Liu Gu scratched his head, a puzzled look on his face.

However, the next second, a hand, gigantic as a fan, gently patted his shoulder. “Mr. Liu, next time you come, you should try my special massage therapy Tony winked at him, his hands miming a massage in the air, “Trust me it works wonders for relaxing the body.”

“Haha, sure!” Liu Gu nodded vigorously, putting the earlier incident to the back of his mind, “I’ll take my leave for today.”

“Look forward to seeing you again-” Tony saw him out of the shop door waving his hands to Liu Gu, then turning to greet the next customer coming towards the shop.          °

“Ohayou-”

On the second floor, in Xu Ran’s room within a rest area.

Xu Ran sat on his bed, scrutinizing the egg in front of him.

The upright beast egg was about a meter tall and the widest part required his arms to embrace it. The eggshell was covered with earthy yellow patterns which were irregular, like cracks in the earth.

Underneath the beast egg, there was a random but sturdy piece of mud which was the Earth attribute Resource of Mud Marrow that Xu Ran had exchanged for with

5

o Beast Master Points to accelerate the hatching of the beast egg on the day he received it.

The mud marrow, originally full of Earth attribute energy, had almost been sucked away by the beast egg day after day, and now it was as if it had turned into a lump of mud.

“It has been a month since I got you.” Xu Ran gently stretched out a hand and stroked the eggshell.

This was a move he would make every day, and it had become a habit.

The patterns on the surface of the beast egg seemed like bracing marks from pottery firing, clear but with no effect on the smoothness of the eggshell, which made it feel very smooth to touch.

Xu Ran couldn’t help but touch it a few more times before continuing to speak,

I don t know how much longer you need to hatch.”

Seeming to understand Xu Ran’s words, the patterns on the eggshell glimmered slightly, as if responding.

“Now there is an opportunity to accelerate your hatching and enhance your uture potential.” Xu Ran stroked the eggshell, smiling slightly, “But whether to do so, I have to discuss with Ziyun and Star.”

“After all, you are not born yet, and you have not made a contract.

Theoretically, you should not take part in resource allocation.”

“So…” Xu Ran patted the eggshell lightly and listened to the dull echo inside the eggshell, “Little guy, try harder, let me see what race you are sooner.” After talking to the egg for a while, Xu Ran went down to the first floor. As he said, the Fetal Breath Orb, being a purple item, equivalent to 500 value points, couldn’t be so easily given to this egg that was yet to be sure of becoming his future pet beast.

However, he had already thought of a good plan, it depended on whether Ziyun and Star agreed.

y

“Meow?” (Are we getting resource allocation?)

“Xi Lu?” (What goodies do we have this time?)

By the time the afternoon business was over, Ziyun and Star were looking with surprise and expectation at the notebook that Xu Ran had brought out.

Tony, who had just finished a grooming order, glanced over and then retracted is gaze, returning to the grooming room to clean up and prepare for the next grooming session.

As a system employee, he knew the existence of the system and would never disclose it to outsiders.

-Good,” Xu Ran nodded, “So let’s start reviewing the resources we need to distribute for this round!”

He looked at Star, who had an expectant look on his face, and smiled. “The sM points we’ve gotten this time are so many, you might not finish allocating