Chapter 191 - 130 Ah - - -_1

Chapter 191: Chapter 130 Ah – – -_1

Translator: 549690339

There’s a saying.

If it’s fortune, it won’t be a disaster; if it’s disaster, you can’t escape it.

Early the next morning, Xu Ran opened the door only to see a couple already waiting outside. He couldn’t help but reveal an exasperated expression.

“Good morning, Boss Xu.” Su Qiang walked into the shop with a smile, “I came quite early today, didn’t I?”

“You guys…” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, “Don’t you have your own shop to run?”

“We’ve hired a lot of staff for our shop, and it can operate smoothly even without us.” Su Qiang chuckled, “Speaking of which, your business seems to be getting better and better; you should consider hiring some employees.”

I wish I could, but normal employees wouldn’t be able to handle the shop as it is now.

Xu Ran grumbled in his heart but kept his face calm. “I intend to, it’s part of the plan.”

Hmm… I hope to complete main task 1 soon.

“Hey, young man, you said your business was about to end yesterday, but would you train our Split Earth Thorn Dragon today?” Wang Xuebin grunted.

“You.” Su Qiang playfully smacked her husband and turned to Xu Ran with an apologetic smile, “He’s just like that. Ignore him.”

“Alright.” Xu Ran gave a slight nod, “Let’s head to the training area.”

The couple were openly testing his strength, but he didn’t have a reason to refuse.

After all, who would refuse free Skill Points?

Watching Xu Ran turn to enter the shop, the smile on Su Qiang’s face deepened.

Finally, she was going to see the strength of this young shop owner during the training.

If he exaggerated too much, then she won’t show mercy.

Clients who were stolen by the Beast King Foster Shop should be won back. @@novelbin@@

Wang Xuebin folded his arms and closely followed his wife, glancing left and right with scorn in his eyes.

Just this small place, even if they have this so-called Space Expansion technique, what can they…

Seeing the foster area on the lower level, Wang Xuebin’s face froze for a moment and his thoughts temporarily halted.

This big?!

Standing by, Su Qiang was no different. The boundless foster area left her speechless, after a moment she looked towards an undisturbed Xu Ran, “Boss Xu, is this your shop’s training area?”

Unconsciously, her way of addressing Xu Ran had changed, and she had already put him on par with herself.

“Ah, no.” Xu Ran shook his head, “This is just the foster area.”

Just the foster area…

Just?!

The expressions of Su Qiang and Wang Xuebin became increasingly odd.

For some reason, Xu Ran’s calm statement of fact sounded sarcastic in their ears.

After all, the combined foster and training areas of the Beast King Foster Shop were smaller than this space.

While they were talking, they passed through a snowy mound.

Witnessing the Frost Dust Wolf happily running through the snowy hills and the Armored Rhinoceros rolling about joyously in the nearby mud pond, Su Qiang’s expression suddenly changed, “Boss Xu, is there only one pet beast in each area?”

At first glance, given the different attribute scenes, she thought it was designed for pet beasts of the same attribute, to foster many pet beasts of the same attribute in one area.

Now taking a closer look, she found that this wasn’t the case.

“Yes.” Xu Ran nodded lightly, “Each pet beast here gets an area most suitable for them.”

“Of course, it’s not always like this.” He paused and pointed at a lake area, “Like over there.”

“Hmm?” Su Qiang was taken aback.

Did Boss Xu divide the different treatment levels according to different prices, where the solo areas belong to premium services which required an extra charge, and were otherwise, like other foster shops, accommodating based on attribute in one area?

The moment she made this assumption, she looked towards the area Xu Ran was pointing at and her expression froze again.

The lake was twice the size of other areas, with a jungle island in the middle. The environment was magnificent and not at all inferior to the other areas.

“There was a Beast Master who wanted to foster two pet beasts together; a water-attribute Wave Frog and an earth-attribute Merlin Fruit. I obliged and, as for the size of the area… naturally, it’s twice as big as that for other pet beasts.”

“Boss Xu is amazing.” Su Qiang sighed slightly.

She truly admired him.

Even in a Second Level town, there wouldn’t be such a large foster care service.

Before arriving, she felt that the price of Xu Ran’s foster shop was too high.

After arriving, she felt that their own shop’s price was too high.

Since entering the underground level, Wang Xuebin hadn’t made a peep. This foster area alone already reflecting his defeat. The idea to take a dig at Xu Ran, which he was thinking about earlier, had now vanished.

He could now understand how his old friend, Fang Liming, felt.

“So, Boss Xu, where is the training area?” Su Qiang asked softly, with a glint of hope in her eyes.

If the foster area is like this, wouldn’t the training area be just as impressive?

“It’s right ahead.” Xu Ran stopped.

During their conversation, the trio had arrived at the elevator leading to the training area.

Entering, Xu Ran pushed the earth attribute button. As the elevator momentarily lost weight, the outside view suddenly changed.

This astonishing scene left the couple stunned again.

Stepping out of the elevator, they saw an endless range of towering mountains and ubiquitous earth attributed transcendent power. Try as she might, the look of surprise on Su Qiang’s face didn’t fade..