Chapter 204 - 136 It Can'T Possibly Advance

Chapter 204 - 136 It Can't Possibly Advance

Chapter 204: Chapter 136 It Can’t Possibly Advance

Now!_2

Translator: 549690339

No way…

“No feeding here,” declared Xu Ran decisively, picking up the Golden Scale

Turtle from the table, “We’re going to the basement.

Conveniently, he could procure the feeding formula for the Golden Scale Turtle and mix it up in the Preparation Room downstairs.

“Charming!”

Being suddenly lifted by Xu Ran, the Golden Scale Turtle moved its limbs and head unnaturally. But, sensing Xu Ran’s presence, it quickly calmed down, smacking its mouth from time to time as if it were still savoring the milk.

When Xu Ran put his finger in its mouth, the little guy completely behaved itself, staying still as he carried it downstairs.

Ziyun and Star exchanged glances and followed.

The two also caught on that the current size of the Golden Scale Turtle did not represent its actual size at the Transcendent Stage.

There’s a rapid growth process between hatching and size stabilization.

So…

How big would this little one eventually get?

Moments later, in the basement foster area.

Xu Ran emerged from the Preparation Room, carrying two large buckets of pale yellow milk, setting them in front of the hungry Golden Scale Turtle, “Little one, have a taste!”

This was the specially provided food formula by the System for the Golden

Scale Turtle. Considering it’s a newborn, Xu Ran mixed in the food with lots of milk to ease its digestion.

The Golden Scale Turtle sniffed the milk, its brown eyes full of joy as it staggered towards the buckets with considerably stronger limbs.

The smell was even more delectable than before!

“Charming!”

It cheered and, to Xu Ran’s astonishment, instantly dipped its entire head into

a bucket. After a round of gulping, one bucket of milk was gone.

This time, without Star’s reminder, both Xu Ran and Ziyun noticed the Golden

Scale Turtle’s astonishing size transformation.

The width of its golden shell had completely exceeded one meter, reaching around one point four meters. With the increase in size, its limbs had become thicker and stronger.

Its head got stuck inside the bucket due to its enlarged horns and frantically called out in dismay.

“I’ll help you!” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, and quickly came over.

Eventually, he successfully removed the Golden Scale Turtle’s head from the bucket by breaking it.

“You should really take it slow with this bucket.” Xu Ran set another bucket of milk in front of the Golden Scale Turtle.

The little guy learnt its lesson and didn’t just stick its head into the bucket right away. Instead, it moved to the edge of the bucket and began to lick the milk.

“Wait here, I’ll make more for you.” Seeing the Golden Scale Turtle behaving so properly, Xu Ran nodded satisfactorily and returned to the Preparation Room.

He wanted to see how much this little one could grow.

Outside the Preparation Room, the Golden Scale Turtle saw Xu Ran disappear.

It couldn’t resist sticking its head inside the bucket again, but before it got stuck again, a claw held its head back.

“Meow-” (You can’t do that!)

Ziyun shook its head seriously.

“Charming?”

Aside from Xu Ran, this was the first time the Golden Scale Turtle had been touched by anyone else. This made it pay attention to Ziyun and Star, who had been around it all this time.

If felt uneasy at first, but after sniffing Ziyun’s paw, it seemed to recognize the familiar scent and quickly calmed down again.

The Golden Scale Turtle, not understanding Ziyun’s intentions, tried to stick its head into the bucket again but was stopped once more by Ziyun.

It finally obediently stayed by the edge of the bucket, lapping up the milk with its tongue.

Seeing the new member obediently listening, Ziyun nodded satisfactorily.

Soon, a returning Xu Ran brought even more food.

Two meters…three meters…four meters…

Under the stunned gaze of Xu Ran, Ziyun, and Star, the Golden Scale Turtle’s body grew increasingly larger as it rapidly absorbed a large amount of nutrients. The growth didn’t show signs of slowing down any time soon.

Xu Ran chuckled helplessly after preparing food for it back and forth.

Indeed, the System couldn’t be wrong.

At this rate, he would believe even if it was said that the turtle would grow into

a Super Large Pet Beast.

Time ticked away every minute and second. The Golden Scale Turtle, which seemed to be always starving and indiscriminately accepting all kinds of food like a bottomless pit, finally began to slow down its eating.

It was full.

The size of the Golden Scale Turtle, which was initially smaller than Ziyun, in a short time increased to nine meters. The width of the shell on its back alone was seven meters wide, and each scale on the shell was larger than Ziyun’s body.

Its limbs had become robust and powerful, much more robust than before. Even if it had to support such a large shell, it was effortless, and it could even run quickly in the foster area.

■■So this is the true posture of the Golden Scale Turtle.” While staring at the Golden Scale Turtle curiously exploring the boundless earth, Xu Ran touched his chin, a look of contemplation on his face, “Speaking of which, isn’t its power fluctuation a bit high?”

“Xi Lu-” (Indeed.)

Standing beside Xu Ran, Star nodded seriously.

It still remembered clearly the state it was in when it first became a Transcendent Being.

At that time, its power was much weaker compared to the Golden Scale Turtle of this moment.

On the contrary, the current Golden Scale Turtle seemed to be in a perfect Transcendent Stage.

“Meow-” (Why do I feel it has already reached the perfect Transcendent Stage?) Ziyun glanced at the Golden Scale Turtle, then at the Frost Dust Wolf frolicking not far away, and could not determine for a while who was stronger.

“impossible!” Xu Ran shook his head and laughed, “This little guy hasn’t been pressured to grow up due to external forces. If it has reached the perfect Transcendent Stage, it probably would have already…”

Before he could finish his sentence, the smile on Xu Ran’s face suddenly froze. Because the Golden Scale Turtle, which had been curiously exploring the area, suddenly stopped moving.

The next moment, a blinding Evolve Light emanated from its body.

Xu Ran:”???”@@novelbin@@

Including the judgement about the hatching of the Beast Egg just now, this little guy had made him eat his words twice today!

The Golden Scale Turtle, who had blindly advanced, was like a black hole, swiftly absorbing the Earth attribute Power in the surrounding space. Seeing this, Xu Ran quickly cooperated, using the Control hub to gather more Earth attribute Power.

Under the gaze of him and his two pets, the body of the Golden Scale Turtle grew visibly in size. With every breath, it broke the ten-meter mark, evolving from Large Size Pet Beast to Super Large Size Pet Beast.

Fifteen meters.-.Twenty meters…Twenty-five meters!

The body of the Golden Scale Turtle froze again, with a length that had reached twenty-seven meters.

If Star was to stand next to the Golden Scale Turtle, it would have seemed small. But now, the Golden Scale Turtle was like a moving small hill.

This was not just a Super Large Size pet beast, it was even close to the category of a Giant Pet Beast.

Its power also increased along with it, but this time, it has only just broken through the Elite Stage.

The corner of Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

This size, wasn’t it certain to reach the Giant Pet Beast range at the Leadership Stage?

This guy…

He tilted his head up, looking at the Golden Scale Turtle, which was over ten meters tall. A strange expression appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Though a lot of Earth attribute Pet Beasts are very large and could easily reach the category of Large Size Pet Beast, ones with a size like Golden Scale Turtle are indeed quite rare.

Feeding this beast in the future would probably not be simple.

“Charming!”

The Golden Scale Turtle, who was accidentally promoted, was feeling very excited about its current power, and it couldn’t wait to share this joy with its closest friend. But after looking around, it didn’t find Xu Ran.

It sniffed a little, smelling the familiar scent in the air. It slowly lowered its head and finally found Xu Ran.

There was a puzzled expression in the Golden Scale Turtle’s big eyes.

Why had the guy who fed it become so small?

It looked around at Xu Ran and the two pets beside him who once seemed much larger than it but now appeared so tiny.

Maybe it should become a bit smaller too?

A naive and pure thought appeared in the Golden Scale Turtle’s mind. The power engraved deep in its bloodline was subconsciously activated.

Under the gaze of Xu Ran and the two pets, the Golden Scale Turtle, which was as tall as a five or six-story building, rapidly shrunk. Finally, it was only about four or five meters long, roughly the same size as Star.

Xu Ran blinked.

This is…

“Reduction?”