Chapter 201 - 135 Beast Egg Hatching’’’ 1

Chapter 201: Chapter 135 Beast Egg Hatching”’ 1

Translator: 549690339

b

“‘—

“How does the full moon level Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound feel?”

Xu Ran looked at Ziyun with a joyful expression, his own face wearing a smile. “Meow!” (Superb!)

Ziyun picked up his spirits and began to share the changes experienced after the Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound upgraded to full moon level.

The waning moon-level Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, could instantly transform a large spherical area centered around Ziyun into a region covered by thunderforce, and cause a series of effects such as shock, stun, thunder strike, paralysis on all enemies within range.

At full moon level, the range of Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound has been further strengthened. When fully unleashed, the diameter of the spherical region is about three times the original.

Additionally, the full moon-level Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound had undergone new changes.

It can be released not centered on Ziyun, but the center can be moved under Ziyun’s control.

That is to say, the area of thunderforce released will no longer be unchangeable.

Apart from this, Ziyun’s control over the Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound skill has further strengthened.

The original Ziyun could only limit the range of Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound to a diameter of about ten meters at minimum. With the compression the thunderforce within the range would become more terrifying and the power would become stronger.

But now, Ziyun can shrink the thunder and lightning area formed after releasing Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound to a range of one meter in diameter.

No, calling it a thunder and lightning area at this time is a bit of a stretch.

This is a magic sphere compressing terrifying thunder power.

Plus the new ability to move after releasing…

“So… can the current Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound be used as an energy bullet?” Xu Ran stroked his chin, his eyes showing interest.

One can only imagine how powerful this shot would be.

“Meow-” (I think I can do it after a few more practices.)

Ziyun nodded confidently, but then his expression slightly deflated.

Like Star’s skills, the full moon-level Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound greatly increased consumption, making it hard for him to cast consecutively.

“No worries, temporarily it could serve as a trump card.” Xu Ran smiled, “When you break through to the leadership stage and your power is greatly increased the situation will improve.”

That was the only way.

Ziyun nodded, and then he couldn’t help but urge.

“Meow?” (How much longer until you break through the third stage?)

“Ahem…” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

Damn it, did he become the bottleneck of his pet beasts again?

“One week!”

He gritted his teeth and declared seriously,”At most one week, I must break through!”

“Meow-” (Keep going!)

“Xi Lu-” (Keep going Beast Master!)

Ziyun and Star both offered encouraging looks. @@novelbin@@

-Okay then, up next, do you guys need my help to exchange anything with points?” Xu Ran glanced at the two pet beasts, “Now, Ziyun has 2130 points left and Star has /, 7,33

11

“Meow!” (I want to exchange!)

Ziyun’s eyes lit up instantly.

The two training resources he previously exchanged for have been almost fully absorbed now and their efficiency has nearly ceased. Now that he has points of course, he would get new ones.

Plus, the dual attribute energy cubes needed to be exchanged for.

This time, he wanted to exchange a super lot!

“Xi Lu~” (I’ll pass for now.)

Star shook his head slightly.

The waning moon-level two-stars skill, Long Night, enables him to continuously train at high efficiency in the dark attribute training area for six hours without any additional supplement.

Whether it’s energy cubes or dark attribute resources, absorbing them will increase the difficulty of suppressing advances.

Temporarily saving these points and waiting to exchange them for suitable resources after he completes the evolution and breaks through to the leadership stage is the best choice.

“In that case, let me choose resources for Ziyun.” After asking for the opinions of the two pet beasts, Xu Ran nodded slightly and quickly began to help Ziyun search for the exchange list.

In the end, Ziyun exchanged for 60 dual-property energy cubes, a thunder resource named Thunder Strike Wood, a fighting attribute resource named Splinter Stone, spending a total of 1700 Beast Master Points, leaving a balance of 4.30 points.

“Okay, so these are the remaining resources you guys have.” After inventorying, Xu Ran quickly wrote the resources situation of the two pet beasts on the small blackboard.

“Physical points: 6164 (undistributed)”

“Skill fragments: 3 (star)”

“Energy Abundant Potion: 1 bottle (Ziyun)”

“Skill fusion stone: 2 (Star)”

Beast Master Points: 430 (Ziyun) + 4433 (Star)”

“Remaining Value Points: 2747 (Ziyun) + 3417 (star)”

“Meow-” (I’m rich!)

Looking at the remaining value points and the Beast Master Points balance no longer in single digits, Ziyun’s eyes lit up, filled with joy.

Is this the feeling of being rich?

It’s indeed intoxicating!

“Xi Lu~” (Has the allocation ended?)

Star raised its forelimb, keenness in his eyes.

He couldn’t wait to keep track of the accounts.

“The allocation of resources is considered completed.” Xu Ran nodded,

“However, we have a very important thing to do.”

He magically took out an oval-shaped jade stone, the surface smooth and shimmering with a gentle luster, and swayed it in front of the two pet beasts “This is the Fetal Breath Orb.”

“Next, let’s go use it together.”

“Meow-” (Let’s go!)

Ziyun’s eyes lit up.

This thing can accelerate the hatching of a beast egg, and he was already a little impatient to see the newborn beast..