Chapter 203 - 136 It Can'T Possibly Advance

Chapter 203 - 136 It Can't Possibly Advance

Chapter 203: Chapter 136 It Can’t Possibly Advance

Now! 1

Translator: 549690339

“Charming!”

The newly hatched life seemed to notice Xu Ran’s change of expression, its httle head tilted to one side, its large eyes full of confusion.

But its confusion was soon drowned out by its curiosity about the outside world after being born, and it began to crawl tentatively, struggling to move its somewhat frail limbs at this moment.

However, after only a few steps, the little fellow’s body uncontrollably tilted to one side.

The shell on its back was too heavy, and it was still somewhat difficult for its limbs to bear the weight.

“Slow down, slow down!”

Seeing the little one’s movement, Xu Ran quickly stopped worrying about whether it was a turtle or a dragon, carefully steadied its body that was about to fall to the ground, and then conveniently gave it a system identification. [Race name: Golden Scale Turtle

Attribute: Earth attribute

Growth stage: Transcendent Stage

Body type: Large Size

Washing and Protection requirement: *****

Assessment: Newly born life, has no need for Washing and Protection, but the host might want to use his dainty hands to feed it some food. ]

Golden Scale Turtle, huh…

Xu Ran nodded slightly.

It seemed a bit like a dragon, but by name, it was more like a turtle species. As for the attribute being Earth, it was also something he had anticipated. But… Large Size?

Xu Ran’s eyebrows raised slightly as he looked at the little one who had just hatched from the egg and was even smaller than Ziyun.

Could the system identification be wrong about body size?

“Charming!”

As Xu Ran’s palm touched its body while supporting it, the little fellow didn’t seem scared because of the near-fall. Instead, it actively rubbed against Xu Ran’s palm. Its eyes squinted slightly, revealing an expression of enjoyment. Although it was just born, there was no wet, sticky fluid on the surface of the Golden Scale Turtle’s body. It seemed dry as if it had been well cleaned before birth.

Its body had no scales, and the texture was rough yet smooth to the touch.

This was a bit miraculous, but considering that this was a Transcendent Being it made sense.

The shell on its back was about eighty centimeters wide, with the main part divided into five rows, with the center row having bigger and more fierce-looking scales.

The palm-sized golden scales lay orderly on each other. The slightly raised tips of the scales gave the shell a menacing yet robust appearance.

Taking advantage of Xu Ran’s inspection, the little one moved closer to him, then stuck out its head and took a bite at Xu Ran’s finger.

“This…” Feeling the slight suction and warmth on his finger left him blinking in surprise, “Does it want milk?”

Honestly, even though he had two contracted pet beasts, he had never cared for a newborn Transcendent Being.

“Meow!” (I’ll get it!)

Ziyun disappeared in a flash and quickly returned with a box of milk, placed it on the table, and then continued to quietly lie on its side, watching the Golden Scale Turtle intently.

“Perfect.” Xu Ran picked up the box of milk and had a look.

This was something he had bought for himself to drink, but it wasn’t ordinary milk.  ’

There was a type of Transcendent Being in this world called the Moonlight Cow. They were said to draw power from moonlight, and the milk they produced was very nutritious.

After trying it once, Xu Ran thought it tasted very good and stocked up on it at home.

He found a small dish, carefully opened the milk, poured a little bit in, and then offered it to the Golden Scale Turtle, “Let’s see if you like it.”

The Golden Scale Turtle’s nose twitched, as if it caught the sweet smell of the milk in the air. Its attention shifted from Xu Ran’s finger. It willingly let go and its nose led it to the small dish with a bit of milk.

Then, it stuck out its tongue and quickly licked the small dish of milk clean. “Charming!”

The Golden Scale Turtle’s brown eyes suddenly brightened. It seemed to have caught a new scent, its nose twitching as it shifted its attention to the opened box of milk in Xu Ran’s other hand.

“You can just have this for now.”

Xu Ran laughed, and after testing that it was safe, he found a larger bowl poured all the milk into it, and placed the bowl in front of the Golden Scale Turtle.

“Charming!”

The Golden Scale Turtle called out in its baby voice and then plunged its head directly into the bowl full of milk.

“Glug, glug—”

The water level in the bowl dropped straight down, quickly reaching the bottom.

“Slow down there!”

Seeing the Golden Scale Turtle raise its head, with most of its face covered in milk, Xu Ran was both amused and distressed. He quickly found a dry towel, intending to help wipe it down.

But before he could do anything, the Golden Scale Turtle had already stuck out its tongue and licked its own face clean.

“Huh…” Xu Ran silently put the towel back, “You do have quite a long tongue.”

“Xi Lu?” (Has it gotten a bit bigger?)

Star, who had been quietly watching the Golden Scale Turtle but had not spoken up, suddenly spoke.

“Huh?”

Upon Star’s reminder, Xu Ran took another look at the Golden Scale Turtle, and then at the partially fragmented eggshell still nearby.

“My God!”

He abruptly stood up, his expression turning peculiar.

He hadn’t noticed earlier due to being engrossed in the little one’s cuteness But now that the eggshell was there for comparison, the change in size was obvious.

It hadn’t been long, and the little one was already bigger than the eggshell.

And all he had done was feed it one box of milk…

How big would it get if he kept feeding it?

Remembering that the system identification had categorized it as a Large Pet Beast, the corner of Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly..@@novelbin@@