Chapter 205 - 137: The Terror Of The Fetal Breath

Chapter 205: Chapter 137: The Terror of the Fetal Breath

Orb!_l

Translator: 549690339

“Meow?!” (Is it really reduction?)

Upon Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun’s eyes lit up instantly.

It had long coveted this skill!

If it could directly acquire this teachable skill, there would be no need to exchange skill fragments, how delightful.

“Xi Lu!” (I want it too!)

The Star beside him also had a gleam in its eyes.

After familiarizing itself with its own capabilities over time, it realized, after reaching the elite stage, although its power has become stronger, the growth in its body size has led to certain inconveniences in life.

Seeing the amazing effects of reduction, it was eager to experience it.

“Hmm…”

Seeing the longing look on the faces of the two pet beasts, Xu Ran stroked his chin, pondering over the possibility of obtaining reduction from the Golden Scale Turtle and teaching it to the other two pet beasts.

When he was previously cleaning and caring for the stray pet beasts for free, he discovered that the standards for obtaining pleasure value and plucking fur to get skills are not the same.

To gain pleasure value from the cleaning and caring target, the target must have a master, who is not himself.

There isn’t too much requirement towards the objects he cleans and cares for, whether they are transcendent beings or ordinary pets, all can be included.

Xu Ran had confirmed this when he was cleaning the dog of a peculiar customer who insisted on bringing his pet dog in.

The way to determine plucking fur is different from the conditions of gaining pleasure value.

The target of plucking fur must be a transcendent being, it cannot be Xu Ran’s own pet beast, but it doesn’t state that it must be a pet beast with a master.

When cleaning and caring for the stray pet beasts, he has obtained skills from plucking fur before.

So…

Xu Ran’s eyes met the innocent big eyes of the Golden Scale Turtle.

As long as he cleans and cares for it before contracting with it, he can obtain its skills through plucking fur, and with the current B-level plucking fur, to get one-star skills, the success rate is one hundred percent.

Of course, there’s no need to rush for this.

The Golden Scale Turtle was just born and didn’t need cleaning and caring at the moment.

He would wait for when it needs it.

“Apart from reduction, do you have any other skills?” Xu Ran quickly stepped forward, gently reaching out and touching the Golden Scale Turtle’s lowered head.

“Charming?”

The Golden Scale Turtle happily rubbed against Xu Ran’s palm, but it did not answer Xu Ran’s question and instead displayed a confused look.

Having just been born and not yet made a contract with Xu Ran, to quickly understand Xu Ran’s words was not easy for it.

“Meow-” (Watch me!)

Facing this situation, Ziyun took the initiative once again.

It patted the Golden Scale Turtle’s shell, signaling for it to watch, then swung its claw abruptly in the open air.

“Zizz     ”

The pierce sound of electric arc cutting through the air suddenly exploded in the void, fierce electric light brewing in Ziyun’s palm, and then it brutally bombarded the air next to it, causing a smoky whirl and the ground revealed fine cracks.

“Charming!!!”

Witnessing such a horrifying scene for the first time, the Golden Scale Turtle’s brown eyes widened, and fear was written all over its face.

But soon after, the innate ability within its bloodline slowly transformed the fear on its face into contemplation.

Seemingly, it could resist such terrifying attacks?

With a bit of hesitance, the Golden Scale Turtle started to operate its own power instinctively, Earth attribute power suddenly exploded from its body, under the gaze of Xu Ran and the two pet beasts, hard rocks started to sprout and layers of rock were formed enveloping the Golden Scale Turtle.

A larger Golden Scale Turtle stone statue appeared before them.

“Is this a defense skill?” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Earth attributes are mostly good at defense, hence it is normal to have defense skills.

“Ziyun, try the defense level, don’t injure it.”

“Meow-” (No problem!)

Ziyun appeared on top of the Golden Scale Turtle’s scales in a flash, operating its fighting attribute power a little, and slapped against the scales.

Despite not using a skill, it still posed a great threat to the Golden Scale Turtle with its three thousand points of power.

“Boom!”

Accompanied by a deep boom, the Golden Scale Turtle shuddered as a whole, but the area where Ziyun’s palm touched, no crack appeared.

Not only that, but a sharp rock spike had suddenly appeared in that section.

Revoking its claws after the slap, Ziyun was still scraped by the rock spike that suddenly appeared.

A white light flashed and the wound disappeared immediately, then Ziyun returned to Xu Ran’s side.

“Crack    ”

As Ziyun retreated, the rocks around the Golden Scale Turtle shattered quickly and vanished, it shook off the stone dust from its body, looking somewhat disappointed.

It could feel that the one who attacked it just now, that level of offensive has reached the limit of its defense capacity, any stronger then its protective layer would be crushed.

Yet that attack was significantly weaker than that claw.

It seems like its power is still very weak…

What the Golden Scale Turtle didn’t know was that Xu Ran and the other two were even more astounded.

“This defensive power even made a damage return effect…” Xu Ran stroked his chin, somewhat unsure, “For just having reached the elite stage, with stardust level proficiency, can a two-star skill attain this strength?”

“Meow-” (Indeed it won’t.)

Ziyun nodded in agreement.

To compute an estimate of a skill’s power based on its growth stage and skill proficiency isn’t hard..@@novelbin@@