Chapter 207 - 138: Third Stage Contract, The Third

Chapter 207: Chapter 138: Third Stage Contract, The Third

Pet! _1

Translator: 549690339

Noticing the Golden Scale Turtle’s depression, Xu Ran guessed the cause of its disappointment and gently patted its head.

“It’s normal that you’re not as powerful as Ziyun now because it has already evolved once, and its overall strength is stronger than yours.”

“Charming?”

The Golden Scale Turtle tilted its head with a questioning look in its eyes.

Xu Ran shook his head helplessly.

Even without a contract, transcendent beings that have had contact with humans could communicate with them to a certain extent, allowing him to get along smoothly with the inhabitants of the foster area, who could also understand his words.

But the Golden Scale Turtle had just hatched from its egg, and was like a blank sheet.

At this moment it was like a newborn baby, and it would be even more difficult to communicate with.

If explanations are useless, comforting actions would do.

Xu Ran held the Golden Scale Turtle, stroking its head.

Feeling the familiar breath and gentle touch from the moment it was born, the slight emotional lowness in the Golden Scale Turtle’s heart was quickly banished to the clouds.

It eyes once again revealed an emotion of enjoyment.

“Alright, that’s enough for tonight.”

After comforting it for a while, Xu Ran gently patted the Golden Scale Turtle’s head.

Even though it was reduced in size, the body type of the Golden Scale Turtle at this moment was still not suitable for living upstairs, so it had to stay on the lower floor for a while.

However, the Golden Scale Turtle won’t always remain in the lower floor.

Once the skill proficiency of the reduction ability is enhanced, it can become even smaller. By the time it reaches the Starlight Level, it can be shrunk to about the same size as Ziyun. @@novelbin@@

At that point, it will be able to live upstairs with Ziyun and Xu Ran.

The situation is the same for Star. With its body type, even if it only learned reduction at the Stardust Level, it would be enough to shrink it down to one to two meters.

Xu Ran looked around and divided an area of the same size next to the dark attribute area of Star, preparing an earth attribute environment suited for the Golden Scale Turtle.

“Alright, you’re going to sleep here tonight!”

“Charming!”

Understanding Xu Ran’s gestures and intentions, the Golden Scale Turtle had a touch of unwillingness in its eyes.

“Xi Lu Lu~” (I’ll be with you!)

Star whinnied and raised its hoof to gently tap on the Golden Scale Turtle’s shell. It pointed towards its dark attribute area, signifying that it was right next to the Golden Scale Turtle.

“Charming!”

The Golden Scale Turtle’s resistance lessened.

From Star, it also perceived a familiar scent.

This made it feel much at ease.

The smart turtle vaguely guessed the reason it couldn’t go upstairs.

Was it because its body size was too big…

Then it will try to shrink itself!

“Good boy.” Looking at the obedient Golden Scale Turtle, Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction.

As he expected, the character of a newborn pet beast is like a blank sheet of paper, and it was almost impossible that they would not get along well.

Judging from the way Golden Scale Turtle interacts with him, Ziyun and Star, it’s almost guaranteed that it will form a contract with him once the power of the contract breaks through the third stage.

“Star, take care of it.”

After giving a gentle reminder, Xu Ran took Ziyun back to the store.

Seeing Tony, who was still enthusiastically attracting customers, Xu Ran left a message of “keep it up” and went straight upstairs before Tony could wink at him.

He needed to meditate hard in order to break through the third stage!

The basement floor.

Seeing the Golden Scale Turtle looking in the direction where Xu Ran disappeared with a regretful look, Star knew what it had to do.

What should it do…

It thought for a while, and a scene from its first night here, when Ziyun showed it around, flashed in its mind.

It had just hatched, which counts as its first night here. Now that it was a senior, it was its turn to show the Golden Scale Turtle around!

With the idea in mind, Star’s eyes emitted an expectant light.

It had always been the last to come before, and had never experienced the feeling of being a senior!

“Xi Lu~” (Come on, let me show you around!)

Star raised its front hoof and lightly tapped the Golden Scale Turtle’s shell.

“Charming?”

Watching Star making a move to leave and then turning its head to look at it, the Golden Scale Turtle quickly understood its meaning. After taking one last look in the direction where Xu Ran and Zilyun had disappeared, it followed along in a cheerful manner.

Being newborn, it was curious about everything, its thoughts came quickly and left quickly as well.

Soon, the two pet beasts appeared in the area where the Frost Dust Wolf was.

“Awoo?”

Feeling the unfamiliar aura of the visitors, the Frost Dust Wolf landed in front of Star and the Golden Scale Turtle after a few jumps from the other side of the snow mound.

Feeling the presence of the two elite stage pet beasts, the Frost Dust Wolf, being a perfect transcendent beast itself was not panicked at all. Its nonchalant character was exactly the same as its Beast Master.

“Awoo?”

What are you looking at!

Staring at the Golden Scale Turtle who was curiously looking at itself, the Frost Dust Wolf stared back. After thoroughly eyeing the Golden Scale Turtle, it showed a satisfied look in its eyes.

So what if you’re stronger than me? You’re smaller than me!

It held its head high, its snow-white fur puffed up, making its body size look even more intimidating, which seemed to have a scare effect.

A strange expression appeared in Star’s eyes.

Because it had raced with the Frost Dust Wolf before, Star was the most familiar with it in the foster area.

Seeing that this fellow was putting on airs, Star could guess its intentions.

But…

It had picked the wrong opponent this time.

Looking at the contemptuous look from the Frost Dust Wolf, who seemed to be bigger than it, the Golden Scale Turtle was puzzled at first, then it became angry..