Chapter 208 - 138: Third Stage Contract, The Third

Chapter 208: Chapter 138: Third Stage Contract, The Third

Pet! _2

Translator: 549690339

Reduction instantly canceled!

Watching its body quickly expand to a size that required it to look up, until finally blocking all of its vision, even the artificial light source above the dome was completely obscured. The giant Golden Scale Turtle completely enveloped it in shadow. The Frost Dust Wolf swallowed a mouthful of saliva, immediately tucked its tail between its legs, emitted a miserable scream and then turned tail and ran.

“Aw…woof!”

Some vile beast wants to kill me!

“Charming!”

The Golden Scale Turtle, having shrinked back to its size from before, proudly called out towards the Frost Dust Wolf and then happily trotted behind Star, heading toward the next area.

A week passed in a blink of an eye.

The two new members of the shop – Tony and the Golden Scale Turtle, had gradually integrated into this big family.

After let Tony in charge of shop’s three business for three consecutive days, Xu Ran had a clearer understanding of Tony’s abilities.

When Tony was in charge of the Washing and Protection, his effect was on par with Xu Ran’s. Even though his appearance and the process of Washing and Protection is a bit quirky, the customer feedback was still average, with many even finding it interesting.

Take Liu Gu for example.

Since the Washing and Protection became a 24-hour operation, even if the profits are halved, Xu Ran was able to get a harvest that did not lose to before.

But there was a drawback.

All the skills Tony gained from Plucking Fur would automatically be broken down into skill fragments and then half of them were given to Xu Ran.

There was some difference from what Xu Ran had expected.

Tony taking care of the Fosterage, however, had relatively limited help to Xu @@novelbin@@

Ran.

Although the fosterage limit can be substantially raised, Qingzhou City is too small. The market is limited, there are not so many Beast Masters bringing their Pet Beasts for fosterage unless they robbed all the other business.

As for practice…

After Tony was in charge, the overall income was slightly lower than Xu Ran’s one-day maintenance, but it could extend the training time by two hours, which also worked for Star and Ziyun.

And Xu Ran had more time to devote himself to Washing and Protection and feeding Fosterage, making the income from the other two businesses somewhat increased.

So…

After the three-day trial was over, Xu Ran finally decided to hand over the Practicing business to Tony.

As for Golden Scale Turtle, it rapidly warmed up with One Person and Two Pets in a week.

With more communication with Xu Ran, the clever turtle had understood the majority of human language.

After Xu Ran could effectively communicate with One Person One Pet, he decided to give the Golden Scale Turtle a name, and no longer call it by its race name.

After consulting with Ziyun and Star, and finally consulting the Golden Scale Turtle’s own opinions, its name was decided to be Cancan, which implied “golden”.

And Xu Ran was the first person it saw when it was born, so during this period of time, Cancan’s reliance on Xu Ran grew stronger.

Popularly known, it is sticky.

This made Ziyun feel an increasingly strong sense of crisis.

Would the new little brother compete with it for the position in Xu Ran’s arms in the future?

Not good! Absolutely not good!

Although the sense of crisis intensified, Ziyun still diligently performed her duties as a big sister. After learning that Star had already familiarized Cancan with the environment of the Foster Area, it began to urge Cancan to train.

Thunder was originally restrained by the earth attribute, but due to the huge power gap between the two attributes, Cancan was both painful and joyful when training.

As a newborn baby with a body length of 27 meters, Cancan endured the hardships that it should not endure at its age, and also initially felt part of the team’s culture.

Train hard!

In his spare time, Star would take Cancan for a walk in the Foster Area, and occasionally bring Cancan to his own Dark Attribute living area, where the two lived harmoniously.

Of course, the stone engraved with Cancan owing him 250 Value Points had been stashed away in advance.

In the harmonious coexistence, the One Person, and Two Pets already considered Cancan as a new partner, even though they never mentioned it.

“Are you ready?”

In the Foster Area on the first underground floor, Xu Ran looked at Ziyun, Star, and Cancan standing side by side and spoke in a deep voice.

“Meow!” (Leader Stage!)

Ziyun’s eyes burst with excitement.

During this period, it always kept up with its own training and resource absorption. Now Ziyun, who is visibly at the perfect Elite Stage, has accumulated a lot of power inside.

It has begun to look forward to how much this power would boost its strength when it advanced.

The fleeting glimpse of the carcass of the giant beast loomed in Ziyun’s mind. After breaking through to the Leadership Stage, I must check immediately whether I can surpass the blockage set by the fallen Giant Beast and touch its body!

Determined, Ziyun set his eyes on it.

“Xi Lu Lu!” (I am ready!)

Star roared, consolidating its energy, awaiting.

However, what it is waiting for is completely different from what Ziyun expects.

When Xu Ran’s contract power breaks through to the third rank, Star, having reached the peak of the Elite Stage, would need to restrain its own advancement with its strength.

Xu Ran had already consulted Gu Wu in advance. Such power suppression is also a way of cultivation which can help a Pet Beast control its own power.

“Charming!”

At the sight of the growing energy of the other two, the energetic Cancan shouted out.

Xu Ran had already told him that after this breakthrough, he could become contracted with it. With this, it would become like Ziyun and Star.

While still somewhat confused, Cancan understood that the relationship between Ziyun, Star and Xu Ran is closer than his own relationship with Xu

Ran.

Over the past few days, Xu Ran had bathed it twice. To achieve optimum cleaning, it had to undo its reduction during the washing and protection process.

Thinking of Xu Ran painstakingly washing its large body just to make it feel comfortable, there was a touch of gratitude in Cancan’s heart.

Thus, it also wanted to be closer to Xu Ran!

With the attention of the three Pet Beasts, Xu Ran sat cross-legged on the ground and closed his eyes.

Breakthrough!

The one who was already within a hair’s breadth of the third stage now broke through smoothly without any hindrance, thanks to the Meditation Acceleration Card.

His body, like a black hole, absorbed the surging transcendental power around him.

In his mind, the two light yellow vortexes deepened their color and while fuming dark yellow, they each allocated a portion of their power to form a third vortex.

This is…the third contract position!

The contract power, at this moment, reached the third stage!

“Boom!!!”

Magnificent power was channeled back into Ziyun and Star through the Beast Taming Contract.

With the increase in contract power, not only the number of contract positions increased, but also the proportion of power feedback from each Pet Beast and the strength of the contractual sensing.

Xu Ran’s momentum soared under the new feedback.

But what soared faster than his momentum was Ziyun!

The moment Xu Ran broke through, Ziyun felt the shedding of its shackles.

Leadership Stage was beckoning it!

Ziyun stepped boldly onto the ladder of a new growth stage. As it advanced, its power surged and its terrifying momentum soared, startling the numerous residents in the Foster Area.

That is…

The momentum of Leadership Stage!

In the glow, Ziyun’s body quickly grew larger with a crisp sound of bone growth, swiftly increasing in size from about one meter in length to two meters in length.

Its body became more balanced and robust, as if it had returned to its youth stage once again.

Underneath its body, there seemed to be a mountain torrent of horrifying power lurking, making people palpitate.

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star roared. Feeling the disappearance of the shackles, an unconscious desire to advance emerged.

However, under its resolute will, this impulse quickly faded.

Thanks to previously intentionally suppressing its own power, it felt alright at the moment.

It had to keep it up until the moment of evolution.

Star reminded itself and an increasing longing for evolution grew within it.

Soon,very soon!

“Shoo—— ”

At the end of the breakthrough, Xu Ran slowly opened his eyes, glanced at Ziyun who had already finished advancing, and then turned to Cancan.

Up to now, he still didn’t know what Cancan’s skills were called and could only refer to them as Skill 1, Skill 2.

There would be no need for such hassle in the future.

“Now, we can enter into a contract..”