Chapter 206 - 137: The Terror Of The Fetal Breath

Chapter 206: Chapter 137: The Terror of the Fetal Breath

0rbl_2

Translator: 549690339

The strength of a typical two-star skill is within a certain range, but the skill demonstrated by the Golden Scale Turtle was not within the range of a two-star skill.

Its strength was more akin to the strength of a two-star skill after fusing two separate two-star skills.

So, was this a two-star skill like Dragon Power, which was naturally stronger than the norm?

“Little guy, what other skills do you have?”

An interested look appeared on Xu Ran s face.

This was great, a naturally exceeded-standard strength that would require less resources to upgrade to three stars. It would probably be enough to only fuse one two-star skill to reach three stars.

Ziyun and Star were nearly moved to tears with envy.

The Golden Scale Turtle, intelligent by nature, also understood Xu Ran’s

intentions after the recent experience.

Want to see what abilities it had…

The Golden Scale Turtle twisted its large eyes, actively sensing the innate abilities hidden within its bloodline.

“Charming!”

Soon, the Golden Scale Turtle made a discovery.

It raised a claw and pounded forcefully on the ground.

“Boom!!!”

Along with a dull blast, a strong tremor spread across the ground around the Golden Scale Turtle like an earthquake, followed by spider-web-like cracks crisscrossing the earth.

This crack not only appeared on the earth, it also extended to everything above the earth. When it passed by a rock on the ground, the rock immediately shattered. When it passed by a withered tree, the tree instantly turned into sawdust.

“Xi Lu!”

As the crack headed towards them, Star neighed and stomped a forehoof on the ground, instantly applying a Night Rune on Xu Ran, and Ziyun.

Above the rune, a black pattern turned light when the crack arrived, blocking the attack, but it did not dissipate.

The strike of the Golden Scale Turtle did not surpass the defensive power of

Star’s one rune.

“Charming!”

Seeing that its attack had inadvertently hurt its friends, the Golden Scale Turtle retracted its paw like someone who had touched an electric wire, looking guilty and anxious.

It was the first time it had used a skill, it lacked proficiency, let alone control,

so its skill output was indiscriminate.

“It’s okay.” Xu Ran chuckled and patted the Golden Scale Turtle’s head, which was hanging in guilt, “go ahead and release it, don’t worry about hurting us.” After consoling the Golden Scale Turtle, he started examining the skill effect.

The range of this skill covered a 50-meter radius.

The data was quite astonishing, given that its proficiency was at o.

The power of this skill was also impressive, similar to Ziyun’s Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound. It was a wide-ranging attack.

However, the Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound was centered on the caster and extended into a spherical region, while the Golden Scale Turtle’s skill covered a circular area on the ground and everything above it.

Neither the air nor the underground were affected.

This was confirmed by Xu Ran after checking by digging into the ground. What an interesting skill. From its power, it could be said that, like the previous defensive skill, its strength exceeded that of typical two-star skills.

Another strong two-star skill?

“Do you have other skills?”

Xu Ran looked at the Golden Scale Turtle again, his eyes full of encouragement. Confirming that no one was hurt by its mistake, and that no one blamed it, the Golden Scale Turtle regained confidence. Its eyes rotated quickly and found a completely new ability.

“Charming!”

Along with the roar of the Golden Scale Turtle, a wall made of rocks rose from the ground, blocking in front of it.

Oh? Another defensive skill?

A smile appeared in Xu Ran’s eyes, “Ziyun, let’s test it again!”

“Meow-” (No problem!)

Ziyun nodded, landing a heavy palm on the rock wall with the same amount of force as before.

“Boom!”

Along with a low hum, the rock wall didn’t suffer any damage.

Ziyun’s eyes became sharp.

Ziyun had been cautious not to hurt the Golden Scale Turtle before because the protective barrier had been on its body, but now there was no need to worry. It wanted to see just how strong this skill’s defense truly was!

One-tenth…two-tenths…

After acquiring the fighting attribute, Ziyun’s control over its own strength became especially precise. It increased its attack power by increments until it had doubled the power. Only then did the first crack appear on the rock wall.

Such strong defense.

There was a touch of admiration in Ziyun s eyes.

Most of the elite-level pet beasts at the same power level as the Golden Scale Turtle could not withstand such a powerful attack. But the Golden Scale Turtle withstood it using only a defense skill with 0 proficiency.

The defense strength of this skill was evident.

The test ended, and Ziyun leisurely returned to Xu Ran’s side.

Surprise was also evident in Xu Ran’s eyes.

This skill was purer than the previous defensive skill, without the counter-attack effect, but the defense was more pronounced as a result.

just in terms of defense, its intensity had already exceeded the two-star range.

Three strong two-star skills!

Xu Ran took a deep breath, somehow expecting the Golden Scale Turtle’s next skill.

Given such a strong innate ability, the Golden Scale Turtle presumably has four two-star skills. So is the last two-star skill the same as the first three?

Encouraged by Xu Ran’s gaze, the Golden Scale Turtle’s body surged with an earthy yellow glow.

Its aura instantly connected with the earth, and to Xu Ran’s senses, the little consumed when the Golden Scale Turtle unleashed its skills were completely recovered in a breath’s time.

Was this a skill similar to Night Capture, capable of drawing power from the environment and recovering itself?!

Xu Ran’s eyes lit up completely.

Even for the same type of skill, there were differences.

The earth attribute corresponds to the earth. There is only half the time in a day that is night, and the earth exists everywhere, so the upper limit of this skill is higher than that of Night Capture.

Moreover, the recovery speed needs to be considered.

This skill had a stronger recovery speed than Night Capture at the same proficiency level, so its intensity could reach two stars.

Although it was not the strong two-star skill he was expecting, it was enough… Before Xu Ran’s thoughts ended, the Golden Scale Turtle had made a new move. @@novelbin@@

“Charming!”

It roared, a rock wall once again rose from the ground.

Unlike the previous rock wall, at this moment, a yellow halo identical to the Golden Scale Turtle’s body covered the rock wall.

This…could it be…?

An idea flashed in Xu Ran’s mind, startling him.

“Ziyun! Attack with the same force as before!”

“Meow!”

Ziyun stepped forward and struck the rock wall with the same force that had created a crack earlier.

This time, the rock wall remained intact.

“Keep increasing the force!” Excitement permeated Xu Ran’s voice.

Ten percent… twenty percent… thirty percent… Ziyun’s power continued to increase until it was around three times the original force, another crack appeared in the rock wall.

This was…

Amplification!

Amplification of its other skills!

Xu Ran, watching the Golden Scale Turtle reapply the first and second skills from before and getting varying degrees of results, could no longer hide the excitement in his eyes.

If it only had a recovery effect, this skill would only be two stars. But with the added benefit of boosting its innate abilities, this skill’s strength was definitely a strong two stars, slightly better than the previous three.

Four strong two-star skills!

“Charming!”

The Golden Scale Turtle shook its head, indicating that was all the abilities it had.

Its face wore a somewhat apologetic expression, as if it felt its abilities were somewhat lacking.

All these skills combined were not as strong as its claw strike just now!

It seemed to be quite weak…

Xu Ran looked at the Golden Scale Turtle, unable to help but take a deep breath. A rare one-star skill in Reduction, and four strong two-star skills.

If this was said to be the Golden Scale Turtle’s innate talents, Xu Ran wouldn’t believe it.

Basing on his previous judgment, the Golden Scale Turtle’s innate talent after hatching was roughly equivalent to Star’s.

So, was all of this thanks to the Fetal Breath Orb?!

Ziyun and Star also reached the same conclusion, followed by mutual sharp inhalation of breath, their eyes filled with envy.

Darn it! They had met Xu Ran after they were born, and even if the Fetal Breath Orb was available then, they wouldn’t be able to use it.

How many skill fragments and skill fusion stones could be saved when the Golden Scale Turtle evolves?

The Fetal Breath Orb is terrifying indeed!