Chapter 202 - 135 Beast Egg Hatching!!! _2

Chapter 202: Chapter 135 Beast Egg Hatching!!! _2

Translator: 549690339

After all, they won this Beast Egg against Xu Ran!

Does anyone know if the creature inside the egg is a little brother or little sister?

Star quietly lowers its raised front hoof.

They can wait a bit longer to settle the account.

A human and two pets tiptoe, quickly arriving at Xu Ran’s room on the second

floor.

“Xi Lu~”

Watching Xu Ran and Ziyun successfully enter the room, Star gives a low neigh, lowering its head that was held high, and taking a peek inside the room from the door.

Last time they came, it was still Transcendent Stage strength, and its body was not the size it is now. At present, it, being four meters tall, struggles to cross a standard room door smoothly.

Nevertheless, by sticking its head in, Star could manage to observe the room’s inside situation.

As a consolation, Xu Ran rubs Star’s forehead and shakes his head helplessly, “After your evolution is finished, and we have extra skill fragments, I will exchange them for a one-star Reduction command for you.” For a pet beast with a hefty body size, this would indeed be quite convenient.

But the Reduction command, is very rare.

If not, there would not be so many creatures needing fosterage because they’ve grown too big.

That said…

Xu Ran glanced at the beast egg.

The beast hatching from this beast egg is of the Earth attribute, so it might probably also be big in size.

“Meow!” (I want it too!)

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s promise to exchange the Reduction command for Star, Ziyun becomes displeased.

Although its body size has decreased since it evolved, there is no guarantee that it will not get bigger with further breakthroughs.

If it gets any bigger, it won’t be able to ask Xu Ran for cuddles anymore!

So, the Reduction command must be arranged!

“Alright, alright.” Xu Ran was speechless.

It seems he painted such a large pie for Ziyun a long time ago.

Due to the rarity of the Reduction command, he couldn’t obtain it through Plucking Fur.

Later on, the System Recycling function was introduced, and the King Species evolution path became available in a short time. The demand for skill fragments was huge, and there was no room to use them on such skills.

Not to mention, Xu Ran has wanted to upgrade Ziyun’s Blood Fury, a one-star skill, to two stars but hasn’t found the opportunity to do so.

-We will discuss the Reduction command later.” Snapping back to reality, Xu Ran brings the conversation back on track, “Let’s first use the Fetal Breath Orb to speed up the hatching process of the Beast Egg.”

Noticing Star constantly trying to peek into the room, he simply carries the Beast Egg with the Mud Marrow that has lost its Earth attribute power out of the room and brings them into the living room.

This way, Star wouldn’t have to keep craning its neck anymore.

“Xi Lu-”

Once again close to the Beast Egg, Star seems quite excited. It carefully lowers its head, sniffs the egg with its nose, then extends its hoof to gently tap on the eggshell, as if saying hello.

“So next, I’m going to use resources that can help you hatch quickly.” Xu Ran takes out the Fetal Breath Orb and says slowly to the Beast Egg, “These resources are borrowed from Ziyun and Star, so after you hatch…”

“Remember to pay us back!”

As he finished speaking, Xu Ran tightly holds the Fetal Breath Orb and attaches

it to the Beast Egg.

The originally firm and smooth Fetal Breath Orb, with the texture of jade, suddenly turns into liquid the moment it contacts the eggshell. After leaving Xu Ran’s palm, it spreads out on the surface of the eggshell, quickly covering the whole shell with a thin layer.

Then, it is visibly absorbed into the Beast Egg.

It has already been absorbed…

Xu Ran and the two pets can’t help holding their breath, watching the changes in the Beast Egg with wide eyes without blinking.

One minute, two minutes…

“Hum-”

About three minutes later, with a low humming sound, the Beast Egg seems to have received a powerful stimulus and starts to shake.

The yellow patterns on the eggshell, which would occasionally flash due to the energy flow, are now flashing at an extremely fast frequency. Under the nervous gaze of their human and two pets, the patterns are slowly changing.

They become more complex, especially as they gradually start getting more orderly.

As the time passes, the eggshell’s shivering gradually slows down, and the flashing frequency of the patterns also decreases.

By now, the original disorganized patterns on the eggshell have completely changed.

They are still yellow, but the patterns have become regular and neat like fish scales.

No, not fish scales. @@novelbin@@

Looking at the sharp edges on these scale patterns, Xu Ran’s eyebrows raise

slightly,”This seems to be…”

“Dragon scales?”

Could it be true that a dragon is about to hatch from the beast egg?

An Earth attribute Dragon Pet Beast?

This sounds rather exciting!

Xu Ran gently stretches out his hand and touches the eggshell. This time, the sensation he feels is no longer smooth.

With the appearance of the dragon scale pattern, the eggs’ surface truly undulated.

An ancient and formidable aura seeped out from the beast egg, letting one instantly perceive the remarkable nature of this beast egg.

The Fetal Breath Orb, a purple resource, fearsome to such a degree.

“Meow-” (Our future companion seems, rather formidable.)

A grave expression surfaced on Ziyun’s face.

“Xi Lu~” (Indeed, it is so.)

Star nodded in agreement, a grave expression emerging in his eyes.

Therefore… he must push himself to train even harder, lest he is caught up by the new companions arriving afterward.

For him, who is obsessed with speed, “being caught up” is such a frightful phrase.

“I speculate that the Fetal Breath Orb should also have the role of supplementing vitality.” Xu Ran carefully sensed it again, then slowly began to speak, “The life aura within the beast egg is much stronger than before, I feel that it won’t take long to hatch.”

“From now on, all we can do is wait.”

“It’s getting late.” Xu Ran glanced at the sky, “Let’s get some sleep, the beast egg definitely can’t hatch tonight, right?”

“Crack–”

The moment Xu Ran’s voice fell, the beast egg in front of him suddenly made a soft sound.

“Meow?! (It wasn’t me!)”

Ziyun retracted his paw as if shocked by electricity, his expression grew anxious.

“Crack–”

Again, a light sound emerged from the beast egg.

“Alright, I know it wasn’t you.” Xu Ran rubbed Ziyun’s head, the corner of his mouth twitching slightly, “I didn’t expect to be proven wrong so quickly.” This beast egg, with the help of the Fetal Breath Orb, had indeed shown indications of hatching.

At this moment, it was probably the little creature in the egg trying to break through the eggshell’s restraint.

“Crack… crack… crack…”

One crisp sound after another, made slightly dull after being transmitted through the eggshell.

The frequency of sounds from within the eggshell became faster and faster, but aside from slight shaking, there were no cracks appearing on the eggshell.

“Xi Lu?” (Do we need to help it break the eggshell?)

Star delicately asked.

“…Let’s watch first.”

Xu Ran’s expression, from initially anxious, had already become somewhat strange.

Wasn’t it said the Fetal Breath Orb could enhance the potential of the unborn pet beast?

After enhancing the potential, it couldn’t even break its own eggshell?

Surely not?

It seemed as if the small creature in the eggshell felt Xu Ran’s thoughts. Suddenly, the speed of cracking the eggshell fiercely increased.

“Crack, crack, crack…”

A series of crisp sounds later, the sound abruptly grew louder at some moment.

“Crack!”

A clear fissure appeared on the eggshell.

“Meow!” (There is a crack!)

Ziyun, who had been watching the eggshell all this time, cheered loudly.

Xu Ran’s expression also relaxed slightly.

I knew it, with such potential, how could it be possible not to break the eggshell.

After the first fissure, the speed of cracking the eggshell suddenly became faster.

More and more dense fissures covered it, and eventually, a part of the beast egg’s hard shell broke open.

What appeared in front of one human and two pets was a golden horn. Following that, a pale yellow head, grey-white fur around the head, and a pair of longer horns at the back of the head.

“Charming!”

The little beast, who has not yet fully revealed its form, made its first child-like call with a bit of happiness and familiarity, looking at Xu Ran. Then, it reached out a paw, began to scratch along the hole in the eggshell surface, expanded the hole, and allowed more of its body to get out of the eggshell.

Xu Ran’s mouth slowly opened.

Looking at this pet beast in front of him, which showed slight resemblance to a turtle in shape, yet the limbs and head were more like a dragon, even the protrusion on the turtle shell was like dragon scales, question marks couldn’t help but surface in his mind.

Is it a dragon, or a turtle?