Chapter 213 - 141: New Discoveries About Skill

Chapter 213: Chapter 141: New Discoveries about Skill

Fusion_l

Translator: 549690339

In terms of skill priority, Night Song actually fell short of Star Chain.

After all, Star Chain allowed Xu Ran to meld with the stars, not only significantly boosting his strength but also completely eliminating the Beast Master’s inherent vulnerability. It can be said that apart from the Night Rune, it’s the most crucial skill for the stars.

While Night Song was just a skill that increased speed.

However, the awkward thing was that Xu Ran had failed to find an appropriate skill to meld with the Star Chain.

He couldn’t find a Dark Attribute or common skill that had a high success rate of fusing with the Star Chain. The best combination he came up with only had a success rate of one in a thousand.

Although it was possible to force a fusion success with a skill fusion stone, Xu Ran felt there was still something lacking. Therefore, the fusion of the Star Chain had been shelved for the time being.

Now, this Three-star skill scroll might be an opportunity.

If he directly elevated it to three stars, he wouldn’t have to worry about finding a skill.

The two skills he fused with Night Song were also carefully selected by Xu Ran, and their success rate was even higher than that of the Night Rune.

Strictly speaking, the two-star skill Moon Concealment was not a speed- related skill, but a concealment skill. It allows the caster to hide within the shadows of the night, making their aura and form difficult to detect.

The other skill, Dark Luster, was quite renowned among the Dark Attribute speed skills. Like Night Song, it also required darkness to be unleashed, needing Nightfall’s assistance during the day, and this skill was extremely pure in terms of speed enhancement.

In layman’s terms, apart from speed, it offered nothing, even making it somewhat difficult for the caster to change direction due to the intense speed.

Xu Ran was keen to see what kind of chemical reaction would occur when these two skills were fused with Night Song.

After tossing down seven skill fusion stones, the fusion was successful.

[★★ Night Song (Waning Moon Level)] (14.6/2000X+]

4/4/4/

[★★★ Moon Concealment Star Racing (Waning Moon Level)] (146/2000X+]

“This skill…” Xu Ran, focusing on the star panel, savored the newly emerged skill, stroking his chin, “It has a nice name.”

“Any new changes?” Xu Ran looked at the excited star, asking with curiosity.

“Xi Lu!” (Yes!)

The star let out a series of hisses and began to introduce the changes to the new skill.

Firstly, the speed.

Under the fusion of Dark Luster and Night Song, two Dark Attribute speed skills, the speed of Moon Concealment Star Racing had significantly increased.

If they were to encounter the big lizard outside the city again, the star was confident that it wouldn’t even be able to taste its dust.

Secondly, due to the integration of Moon Concealment, there was a novel concealment effect.

Moon Concealment Star Racing, under night conditions, could conceal its own aura and tracks, making it difficult for others to find.

Feeling that this description wasn’t specific enough, the star even specially activated Nightfall, and then used Moon Concealment Star Racing.

Its body just disappeared under the eyes of Xu Ran and the two pets, its aura almost non-existent.

Only Ziyun, leveraging its strength from the Leadership Stage, faintly sensed the star’s direction. This was enough to illustrate the strong concealment effect of this skill.

“Very good.” After listening to the star’s introduction, Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction.

The star running faster = he runs faster.

The star can conceal its aura = he can conceal his aura.

Round it up, he has become stronger.

“Let’s try the three-star skill scroll next.” Xu Ran took a deep breath, “Perfectly timed, upgrade your Star Chain to three stars.”

“Xi Lu Lu~” (Quickly, quickly!)

The star couldn’t wait.

Strike while the iron is hot, get another three stars!

“Meow-” (Damn.)

Ziyun on the side couldn’t help revealing envious eyes.

Why didn’t it have such good things when it was preparing to evolve?

It turned out that what a fellow resident had said in the Foster Area was true.

The early bird suffers, the latecomer enjoys the benefit.

“Sure-” (I want to change to this in the future!)

Cancan stared with wide eyes, having grown tired of expressing its envy.

Under the expectant gaze of the three little ones, Xu Ran used the Three Star Skill Scroll, chose the star, and then, among the options of “New Three Star” and “Upgrade Existing Skill”, picked the latter, finally locking onto Star Chain.

After these operations, a dazzling light along with the animation of the scroll opening nearly blinded Xu Ran.

Under his anxious watch, the line that originally belonged to Star Chain in the star’s panel seemed to be erased by an invisible eraser.

In its place was a line of new text.

[★★Star Chain (Full Moon Level)] (0/10000)

4/4/4/

[★★★Fated Star Pulling (Full Moon Level)] (0/10000)

Is it…done?

Looking at the smooth star upgrade, Xu Ran’s face unexpectedly showed a bit of stupor.

The three-star skill scroll, it’s incredible!

“The effect of this skill…” Xu Ran looked at the star, was about to ask for a description, then decisively changed his mind, “Never mind, just use it directly.”

Increasing the star level will only make the skill stronger, possibly adding new effects, but existing effects will not be erased.

As long as the Star Chain’s effect was still there, trying it directly would be clearer than the star’s description.

“Xi Lu~” (No problem!)

The star hissed once, then signaled Xu Ran to sit on its back.

This time, there were no reins.

In the dark night, a glow swept across the star and Xu Ran, binding them together in an instant.

“Boom!!!”

At that moment, a violent energy surged. @@novelbin@@

With Ziyun’s newly enhanced power feedback after breaking through to the Leadership Stage, and the higher power feedback ratio with Three Star Contract, Xu Ran’s own power was not much weaker than the star’s.