Chapter 216 - 142: Return To The Giant Beast Remains! _2

Chapter 216: Chapter 142: Return to the Giant Beast Remains! _2

Translator: 549690339 |

“This is my exclusive technique.” Tony winked at LiuGu, “Mr. Liu, you’re welcome to come back next time.”

“Are you guys done?” Xu Ran came downstairs with the three little ones, happened to overhear Tony’s last sentence, and casually asked.

“Yes, Boss, I’m returning to the training area.” Tony reported respectfully, then suddenly made a love heart gesture to Xu Ran, “I’ll miss you on the days you’re not here, Boss.”

“Alright, alright, you go ahead.” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched, he waved his hand helplessly and then looked at Liu Gu, “Uncle Liu, are there any unusual occurrences in the city area recently?”

“Unusual occurrences?” Liu Gu scratched his head, expressing a thoughtful look, “Two groups of wild super creatures started fighting each other, does that count?”

“A hunting squad recently encountered them. They initially saw that there were a lot of them and thought they were going to be wiped out, but they began to fight each other and ignored the human Beast Masters. They didn’t even notice the squad.”

“Guess what? These few guys were lucky and all made it back safely.”

“That…shouldn’t count, right?” Xu Ran’s mouth slightly twitched, “They were probably fighting over some special resources and so they didn’t care about the humans.”

“I think so too,” LiuGu nodded in agreement with Xu Ran’s speculation, “Boss Xu, why are you asking this?”

“Later on, I plan to suspend business.” Xu Ran glanced at the clock on the wall,

“If we leave now, we can just catch the last opening of the city gate at dusk.”

Liu Gu’s mouth twitched slightly.

“Huh?”

“Young man, are you here alone?”

In the open space waiting for the city gate to open, a big man with a tiger tattoo on his body walked briskly towards Xu Ran, “Why not join us, the Blood Wolf Hunting Squad? We’ll give you a cheap escort rate.”

No need.” Looking at the elite beasts that were following the man, Xu Ran shook his head, “I can protect myself.”

If I encounter danger as well, then neither could you protect me.”

The big man seemed to have heard a joke and burst into laughter, “Young man, you seem to be very confident. I wonder if you…”

“Meow-” (Quiet!)

Anxious to leave the city, Ziyun turned his head irritably towards the big man. The beast’s heterochromatic pupils suddenly contracted, and a trace of the Leadership Stage Pet Beast’s aura emitted.

The big man’s voice abruptly halted.

Other ill-intended individuals in the vicinity who had initially thought Xu Ran to be a naivete, also ceased their intentions and quickly averted their gaze. Indeed, the most straightforward way to deal with a stranger’s harassment is to show your own strength.” Xu Ran chuckled, looking towards the city gate, “It’s about time.”

The instant after Xu Ran’s words fell, the city gate shuddered and then, accompanied by a low and continuous rumbling sound, a gap opened. “Charming!” (Let’sgo!)

Shrunk down to an extreme length of about one meter, Cancan lay down on Star’s broad back, obediently carrying Ziyun. He stared at the scenery outside the city gate that he had never seen before, his eyes filled with excitement.

“Xi Lu-”

Star let out a neigh. Without using any skills, it started to run as fast as a bolt of lightning, which startled everyone. It didn’t take long for it to disappear from everyone else’s sight.

After leaving the city gate, Xu Ran calmly took out a map. After identifying the direction for a while, he patted Star’s neck, “That way!”

“Xi Lu!”

Star quickly changed direction, heading for the orientation indicated by Xu Ran.

Its fur and purple crystal-like eyes instantly turned into a pitch black that couldn’t reflect any light.

With the falling sunset, the Moon Concealment Star Racing was instantly activated under the blessing of Nightfall, hiding the aura of itself and its companions while swiftly moving like a stream of light.

“Charming!” (So fast!)

Envy appeared in Cancan’s eyes.

Even though his shape was different from other turtles, Cancan had one of the major problems that most turtle beasts had, that is, slow speed. @@novelbin@@

Even if its huge body could cover several meters with each step, but compared to Star’s current speed, it was nothing more than a small fraction.

You both have your own advantages.” Seeing Cancan’s petty mind, Xu Ran gently patted it on the head, “Star is very fast, but under the same conditions, its defense is far worse than yours.”

“Charming?” (What about Big Sister Ziyun?)

Cancan asked curiously.

“As for Ziyun…”

Before Xu Ran had finished speaking, Ziyun, who was lazily lying on Cancan’s scale shell, suddenly burst into an electric arc and instantly turned a passing black lizard into ashes. Then, nonchalantly returned to its original spot and flicked its claws.

I hate black lizards the most, except for Shadow Chaser Lizards.

“You see.” Xu Ran shrugged towards Cancan.

“Charming…” (Iunderstand…)

Cancan couldn’t help but shudder, silently turned his head back, and looked ahead.

I should avoid provoking the eldest sister in the future, I can’t withstand a slap from her…

Ziyun, who had just broken through the Leadership Stage, was in a slightly inflated state, giving a slap to every dog that passed by.

All along the way, Xu Ran couldn’t help but express a moment of silence for those wild Transcendent Beings that were hit unintentionally.

Thanks to Ziyun, all the wild Transcendent Beings with bad intentions scattered under the powerful aura of Ziyun’s leadership stage, not daring to step forward.

With Star’s speed, before nightfall, the trio found the familiar strange mountain range according to the map drawn before returning to the city last time.

Looking at the vast thunder clouds covering the scene, countless Thunder Snakes dancing wildly in the clouds, and the sight of the flames of heaven and earth pouring down on the peak, which seemed to have been cut in half by a long knife, Cancan’s eyes were filled with shock.

Is this…?

The place where eldest sister completed her evolution?

No wonder sister is so powerful, I can’t even withstand one slap from her.

Decided, when I evolve next time, I also want to find a spectacular place!

“Let’s go, directly to the spot we were at last time.” Xu Ran started speaking while giving Cancan a strange glance.

What is this little guy thinking?

They quickly made their way to the strange rock wall where they had sensed something unusual in their previous visit. They removed the obstruction set up during the last visit, revealing a deep cave.

After entering it for a moment, they appeared in front of the Giant Beast corpse.

Despite having already witnessed the hundred-meter-long Giant Beast, Xu

Ran, Ziyun, and Star were once again deeply shocked by the terrifying aura that its body exuded, let alone Cancan who was seeing the Giant Beast corpse for the first time.

“Charming!” (Sobig!)

Cancan couldn’t help but express his astonishment.

He wondered if he would get this big when he reached the Leadership Stage.

Moreover, the oppressive feeling that this corpse gave him was so strong, even stronger than the one brought by the eldest sister.

Thinking of this, Cancan couldn’t help but glance at Ziyun.

Big sister, you have to work hard!

Xu Ran couldn’t help but look at Cancan again.

This little guy…

He smiled wryly, then climbed onto Star’s back, “Is everyone ready?”

“Xi Lu Lu!” (Ready!)

Star shrieked, and Fated Star Pulling was instantly released, linking it with Xu

Ran. The formidable momentum escalated continuously, creating an energy storm around them. Even the light film formed by the Giant Beast’s power started to ripple under this energy fluctuation.

“Ziyun!”

Xu Ran shouted lowly and pointed towards Ziyun on the other side, who was ready to go.

A complex, black rune appeared next to Ziyun. Its power surge was accentuated by the Night Rune, rising step by step, like an imminent flash flood.

Dense and violent electric light jumped around her, and electric arcs punctured the air, pulsating around Ziyun.

Even the earth couldn’t fully conduct such terrifying power, and one by one, electric arcs rose from the ground to the sky, dancing wildly like Thunder Snakes.

Ziyun deactivated its Reduction, and its two-meter-long body instantly turned into a heart palpating thunder. Its agile figure hidden in the flashing thunder light, like the god of thunder descended.

Enveloped in the full-force amplification provided by Xu Ran and Star, Ziyun instantly disappeared from the original spot.

Target, the Giant Beast’s corpse!