Chapter 219 - 144 The Power Of A Single Sword_L

Chapter 219: Chapter 144 The Power of a Single Sword_l

Translator: 549690339 |

“Meow?!”

“Xi Lu?!”

“Charming!!”

Facing the sudden changes, the three pet beasts went pale in unison.

In their minds, Xu Ran’s safety was just as important as their own.

At this moment, the momentum bursting from the long knife was aimed at Xu Ran.

“Don’t panic!”

Xu Ran let out a low growl in the first place, followed by a muffled groan.

The momentum from the long knife surged into his body.

He felt a sharp pain as if his body was about to be torn apart, and in his daze, a picture gradually became clear in his mind.

It was a human powerhouse with an indistinct face, and a terrifying aura surrounding him, making Xu Ran instinctively feel an intractable fear.

In his hand, he held a plain long knife.

Apart from its newness, it was no different from the knife Xu Ran was holding at the moment.

Next, Xu Ran saw the original appearance of the giant beast corpse.

The beast, with its terrifying aura, mountain-like form, and wrapped in electric light, panicked and fled when it saw the human powerhouse. The human powerhouse simply raised the long knife and slashed it down, splitting the mountain below in two.

What a fantastic slash that was, Xu Ran could still feel a fierce force coming from the blade through the distance of time and the picture, it seemed as though the heavens and the earth were going to be shattered by the force of this single cut.

“Hmm…”

Xu Ran let out another muffled moan, the increasingly severe pain throughout his body rendered him unable to continue watching, forcing him to loosen his grip on the long knife.

It’s a pity that he didn’t see what happened next, nor did he know why the powerhouse had left this long knife here.

He shook his head regretfully and then slowly closed his eyes.

The images he had seen were still remarkably clear in his mind as if they had been etched in his brain.

He repeatedly recollected the images and vaguely grasped some aspects of the slashing style.

“Pushing forward relentlessly…” Xu Ran muttered unconsciously, his eyes still closed.

“Charming…” (What’s wrong with the Beast Master?)

Seeing Xu Ran’s hand that had held the long knife still bleeding but not reacting to the pain, even closing his eyes and falling into thought, Cancan cautiously approached Star and Ziyun and asked quietly.

“XiLu~” (I don’t know…)

Star let out a soft wail, shaking his head helplessly.

It looked worriedly at Xu Ran’s injured hand but regretted its lack of healing powers.

Ziyun was also nervous, but compared to the two, he seemed calmer.

With the thunder bead in his mouth, Ziyun allowed the bead to sporadically release electricity. Observing for a brief moment, Ziyun realised that the Thunder Bead was instinctively avoiding the direction of Xu Ran and the long knife, revealing a thoughtful expression on its face.

“Meow-” (Let’s observe for a while.)

As time ticked away, under the vigilant watching of the three little ones, Xu Ran continued to stay still with his eyes closed, but around him, a hint of fierce momentum slowly formed.

Even though it was just a fraction compared to the momentum emitted by the dagger, it was unquestionably from Xu Ran himself.

Xu Ran quickly opened his eyes and immediately stretched out his hand to grab the long knife, letting out a low hum once more.

This time, Xu Ran didn’t see any pictures, but the intense pain from the fierce intent of the knife piercing his body was still present.

A bead of sweat trickled down Xu Ran’s forehead, his lips pressing together firmly, his eyes revealing a hint of determination. @@novelbin@@

This knife, it’s a good weapon!

After understanding a bit of the intent of the knife from its image, Xu Ran was certain of this.

Perhaps it was just an ordinary knife before and was casually discarded by the powerhouse after a single use. Still, after soaking up the harsh intent and the power embedded in the corpse of the giant beast for so long, it has become extraordinary.

This treasure, must be taken!

Xu Ran gritted his teeth and employed all his strength to confront the knife trying to understand its mood.

The huge gap between them shattered his rudimentary understanding of the knife’s styles in an instant.

But he recomposed it again and again, allowing his weak understanding of the knife to gradually become sharper.

The knife, with its own inherent style, became the perfect sharpening stone, allowingXu Ran’s understanding of it to progress at an unimaginable speed.

After a while, the shimmering momentum of the long knife seemed to have exhausted its accumulated power and gradually receded.

Xu Ran wiped the sweat off his forehead, looked at the bloodied hand that was still clutching the knife handle, and gave a crooked smile.

At last, he got through it.

This knife, is his!

“Alright, I’m fine, just some minor wounds.” He looked around the three little animals who were guarding him and a smile appeared in his eyes.

“Star, Fated Star Pulling.”

“Xi Lu!”

Star let out a roar, instantly tethered the two with a trail of shooting stars.

Xu Ran moved his mind, the dark light enveloped his injured hand, and miraculously, his wound healed at a visible rate.

Two Solid Star Skills, Waning Moon Level-Night Embrace.

Although he did not have the actual healing abilities, when it came to dealing with bugs, Xu Ran was a professional.

After waiting for a little while, the dark light dissipated, and Xu Ran’s hand that was tightly gripping the knife handle was restored to its original condition.

He wrapped the blade with a piece of cloth and strapped the knife to his back, and with a wave of his hand said, “We’ve gotten huge gains this time. Let’s leave this place!”