Chapter 210 - 139 Dragon Power, Teachable' 2

Chapter 210 - 139 Dragon Power, Teachable' 2

Chapter 210: Chapter 139 Dragon Power, Teachable’ 2

Translator: 549690339

1

‘—

Through the Armored Rhinoceros, Xu Ran already knew that the Tiger Hunting Squad had returned with a full load once again. Based on the time, Lucky Liu should have arrived.

Oh, right,” Xu Ran glanced at Cancan’s puzzled face, “Cancan, you won’t get any Value Points until the next resource distribution. You can just observe and learn this time.”

“Charming?” (What are Value Points? What is resource distribution?) Cancan moved her head closer to Star, curiously asking questions.

‘Xi Lu~ ” (Well, that’s a long story…)

Star began to slowly explain to Cancan the origin and specific content of the team’s resource distribution rules, as this was their first popularization of the team’s culture.

Hearing that Xu Ran had so many magical resources, which could be evenly distributed among all members in each resource distribution, Cancan’s eyes gradually widened.

After a week of contact with this world, it was no longer the innocent young creature it had been at birth.

Under the verbal instruction and personal demonstration of Ziyun and Star, it had already understood various concepts such as growth stages, skill proficiency, skill star level, and race stage, as well as their corresponding meanings.

At this moment, Cancan’s brown eyes were full of envy.

It couldn’t wait and wanted to gain so-called Value Points in the next resource distribution, then exchange those for the required resources to become stronger!

In the middle of Star’s story, the man and his three pets returned to the store. As Xuran had anticipated, Lucky Liu was already waiting in the rest room along with the bloodied Wind Lion Dog and the somewhat withdrawn Sea Wave Flower.

“Boss Xu, finally you’re here,” Liu Gu laughed, then curiously looked around “Where’s Tony? Why isn’t he here?”

He promised me a special massage session next time.”

“Ah, well…” The corner of Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

He didn’t expect Liu Lucky to still remember this after a week of fighting.

“Tony is now responsible for sparring sessions. If Uncle Liu needs him, I can call him up later.”

“Ha ha, I can’t wait,” Liu Gu scratched his head and laughed shyly “That’s settled then.”

Xu Ran: “…”

Indeed, there was a reason why Uncle Liu could chat with Tony.

“I’ll start the Washing and Protection first,” Xu Ran glanced at Sea Wave Flower, “Does Sea Wave Flower need Washing and Protection this time? Its condition doesn’t look good.”

“No need for now,” Liu Gu glanced at the Sea Wave Flower and slightly shook his head, “It’s not feeling well this time, it has nothing to do with dirt.” Oh? Then is it…” A curious look flashed across Xu Ran’s face.

“Tired,” Liu Gu gave Xu Ran an unexpected answer, “This time we went out, our Tiger Hunting Squad cleaned up Wild Super Creatures and collected resources as usual, and also helped rescue some humans who were trapped by Wild Super Creatures.”

“These people are probably not locals of Qingzhou City, but we’re not sure where they are from. When our squad found them, they were barely showing signs of life.”

5

“You know, the Sea Wave Flower is the only one in our entire squad with healing abilities, but its healing skills haven’t reached the Waning Moon Level yet, so its abilities are limited.”

“Treating so many people left it exhausted, and it could only keep these people alive, not wake them up.”

The people have been sent to the association. The association has more powerful Healing Pet Beasts, so there should be a result soon,” Liu Gu scratched his head, “I guess they were caught by Wild Super Creatures after leaving their city.”

“We should know once they wake up.” Xu Ran’s smile faded slightly, “Outside

the city, it is indeed a dangerous place.”

“Who’s telling me?” Liu Gu nodded in agreement, “Without Leadership Stage strength, you have to be… huh?”

His gaze suddenly turned to Ziyun, who seemed to fade into the background behind Xu Ran.

Despite looking harmless, even a bit cute, Liu Gu felt a terrible power coming

from Ziyun when he looked closely.

This power was not unfamiliar to Liu Gu.

Occasionally, when meeting a beast master elder of Leadership Level from the association, his pets would have a similar power.

You…” His eyes widened, “You’ve broken through to Leadership Level?!”

What speed is this?!

Ordinarily, it would take two or three years to progress smoothly from Contract Power First Stage to Second Stage, and more than ten years of meditation to advance from Second Stage to Third Stage.

How much time has passed since I met Xu Ran?

Not even a rocket is this fast?!

“Just broke through.” Xu Ran chuckled, “I have to thank Uncle Liu for this.”

If it weren’t for Liu Lucky’s Lucky Fish Aura, he might not have been able to draw the Meditation Acceleration Card, and naturally couldn’t have achieved such a rapid breakthrough in Contract Power.

“Thank me…” Liu Gu’s lips twitched, “What’s there to thank me for.”

He just thought Xu Ran was joking. Thinking of how effortlessly Xu Ran has achieved a breakthrough in Contract Power, he, who had been stuck at the Second Stage Contract Power for nearly ten years, suddenly felt a pang of regret.

Ah, I don’t want to mention this matter anymore.

“Boss Xu, could you start on my Wind Lion Dog’s washing and protection first?”

“Sure.”

Xu Ran nodded slightly and quickly entered the grooming room with the enthusiastic Wind Lion Dog.

“Meow- ” (Resource allocation will soon be possible!)@@novelbin@@

Watching the Wind Lion Dog enter the grooming room, Ziyun gleams with excitement in his eyes, quietly approaching Star and Cancan, and softly starts speaking.

“Xi Lu!” (I’m already prepared!)

Star roared, determination shining in his eyes.

The goal for the day was togain our third, three-star skill!

“Charming?” (What does resource allocation have to do with grooming?) Following Ziyun’s gaze to the tightly closed doors of the grooming room, confusion flickered in Cancan’s eyes.

It seemed like after the Wind Lion Dog went in for grooming, the two older members were certain that they would be able to start allocating resources afterwards.

“Xi Lu~” (It’s because…)

Star moved closer to Cancan and seeing that Liu Gu and Sea Wave Flower in the lounge hadn’t noticed them, he confidently told Cancan about what he found recently.

From his experience in several resource allocation events, Beast Masters like to allocate new resources for them after they have serviced the last client.

In all previous cases, there were no exceptions.

So!

Although Star was not clear about the underlying principle, the re-emergence of this guest meant that a new round of resource allocation was about to begin!

“Meow-” (Exactly!)

Ziyun nodded seriously.

As it has already broken through to Leadership Level, its demand for resources has also changed.

In the past, it didn’ t need physical points.

Now, aside from Cancan, the pet most in need of physical point improvement is Ziyun.

In addition, Beast Master Points are also necessary, it needs more resources for self-improvement.

And also skill points.

Although it hasn’t tried yet, Ziyun has a strong premonition that he can now easily release the Full Moon Level Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound.

It’s time to upgrade the other skills to Full Moon Level too!

The best part is that Star doesn’t particularly need these three resources at the moment, and Cancan isn’t eligible to take part in this distribution either.

So…

Meow, Hahaha-

“Charming!” (I can’t wait!)

After listening to the explanation from the two seniors, Cancan’s eyes started to twinkle.

Resource allocation, huh…

This sounds interesting!

“Awooo    ”

A weird low growl came from the grooming room. Accustomed to this, Ziyun and Star did not change expressions. Only the expectation in their eyes grew stronger.

Cancan showed a surprised look.

So not only him, other pets also made such sounds during grooming!

A moment later, the door to the grooming room opened.

Xu Ran led the rejuvenated Wind Lion Dog out of the grooming room; he then patted Liu Gu on the shoulder, “I’ll go and call Tony for a massage for you.” As an acknowledgement for his hard work, Liu Gu, or lucky Liu, deserved a relaxing massage from Tony.

After all…

A purple reward has been yielded from this round of ten consecutive duties.