Chapter 215 - 142: Return To The Giant Beast Remains! _1

Chapter 215: Chapter 142: Return to the Giant Beast Remains! _1

Translator: 549690339

With the new idea of skill fusion, however, even the best ideas are nothing without resources.

Even if the success rate of the new skill fusion formula is high, it definitely can’t be done with just a single skill fusion stone.

Looking at the remaining 70,000 pleasure points, Xu Ran resisted the urge to directly draw a skill fusion stone and took a deep breath, turning his gaze to Ziyun on the side.

“Alright, let’s exchange for the resources you need to become stronger next.”

“Meow-” (Okay!)

Ziyun nodded slightly, expectation flashing in its eyes.

After advancing to the Leadership Stage, its demand for power-enhancing resources has increased.

With so many points, surely it can find something suitable?

But Ziyun’s expectations were bound to be dashed.

“High Level Energy Blocks, suitable for Leadership Stage Pet Beasts.” Xu Ran pointed at something similar to the middle-level energy blocks on the exchange list, “a dual-attribute block requires 60 Beast Master Points.”

“I suggest you get 40 first.”

“…Meow?” (Just this?)

Ziyun’s eyes gradually became confused, followed by deep self-doubt.

When it was at the Elite Stage, in addition to energy blocks, it could also absorb some other resources to enhance its strength. Why, now at the Leadership Stage, are there only energy blocks left?

“Because there are no more resources suitable for you left.” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly and explained, “Those resources you exchanged during your Elite Stage were actually suitable for the Leadership Stage. That’s why your strength was able to increase so quickly.”

“Now those resources have been exchanged, and even if they were not, they wouldn’t be of much help to you, now that you’ve advanced to the Leadership Stage.”

“So all things considered, the energy blocks are the most cost-effective.” Xu Ran spread out his palms, “Qingzhou City’s resources are basically not available above the General stage.”

After all, the only General Level Beast Masters in the whole of Qingzhou City are the City Master and Senior Gu.

Life is difficult, the cat sighed. @@novelbin@@

Ziyun shook its head helplessly.

Understood.

Qingzhou is too small, and it’s becoming increasingly difficult to find things suitable for it.

Suddenly thinking of something, Ziyun’s spirits rallied anew.

“Meow?” (How about going to Xieyun City to exchange for better resources?)

Originally, it didn’t care much about the trip to Xieyun City.

But at this moment, Ziyun’s mindset changed.

Going to Xieyun City to exchange for resources is also very important to it!

Cancan, who was quietly watching the two elders utilising resources to get stronger with envy, blinked and sneaked over to Star, extended a claw to gently poke at Star, and lowered her voice to ask.

“Sure?” (What is Xieyun City?)

“XiLu~” (It’s a long story…)

Star let out a low hiss, briefly recounting the past events of the challenge competition between the Gu family and the newly promoted Beast Masters.

After a short, hushed conversation, Cancan immediately understood.

So, everyone will soon be heading to a bigger city?

It’s sounds so exciting!

Expectation appeared in her eyes, filled with longing fo new experiences.

“Of course.”

Hearing Ziyun’s idea, Xu Ran nodded, a smile appearing on his face, “It’s a good idea to easily exchange for General Stage resources in Xieyun City.” “Meow?” (When are we leaving?)

Ziyun couldn’t wait.

“I’m not sure about that.” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, “The day before yesterday, when Senior Gu brought his pet beast for training, he mentioned that the departure date would be determined in the next few days.”

“And then there was no further updates.”

Seeing Ziyun’s eager appearance, Xu Ran stretched out a hand and gently rubbed its head, “If you want more and better resources, there’s another way.” His words paused for a moment.

“You haven’t forgotten where you evolved, have you?”

Ziyun’s expression froze, and it slowly turned solemn.

Underneath Thunderbolt Half Mountain, that giant beast that only left a corpse, was the strongest Transcendent Being it had ever seen. Its power was formidable enough that even a ray of strength left behind before its fall had stopped it from advancing any further.

How could Ziyun possibly forget such a feeling?

Its motivation for becoming stronger these past days had been that giant beast. It hadn’t expected that the corpse of the beast itself was also a high-level resource.

So…

As long as it could make contact with it, there was hope of obtaining high-level Thunder Attribute resources?

A flame, fueled by a newfound fighting spirit, began to flicker within Ziyun’s eyes.

Back then it was at the Elite Stage, not even fully developed, and even with the blessing of Star, it had been unable to break through the force left behind by the giant beast.

But now, it was already at the Leadership Stage, the Star’s blessing was no longer the Starlight Level Twilight Watch, but the Full Moon Level Night Rune, plus the Full Moon Level Fated Star Pulling serving as a boost to Star’s own power!

With everything combined, its current strength was far beyond what it had been before.

It’s time to go back there and take a look!

“Meow!” (Let’s leave the city!)

“Sure.” Xu Ran glanced at Star and Cancan, “In that case, let’s see just how strong we’ve become!”

“Cancan has never seen the scenery outside the city since she was born. This time let’s take it as an experience, just follow us.”

“Sure-” (Alright!)

Cancan nodded obediently.

Following Star big brother and Ziyun big sister, it felt super secure!

“Hahaha! As expected of you, Master Tony!” In the store on the first floor, Liu Gu slapped Tony’s shoulder in high spirits, “I feel much more relaxed after a set of massage.”