Chapter 217 - 143 Thunder Bead And Long Knife_L

Chapter 217: Chapter 143 Thunder Bead and Long Knife_l

Translator: 549690339

Thirteen meters!

Last time, exhausting all the power of Ziyun, Xu Ran, and Star, they could only go this far after passing through the light film. @@novelbin@@

But this time, in a single flicker, Ziyun’s body appeared at the limit of the distance they reached last time.

“Meow-” (We’re stable this time!)

Feeling how different it was from last time, with almost no pressure or repelling force affecting him, Ziyun’s eyes were filled with excitement and exhilaration.

Looking ahead, approximately forty meters away from where he stood was the corpse of a giant beast, which looked like a small hill resting in a cave. He took a deep breath and started to charge forward step by step.

Ten meters… twenty meters… thirty meters…

Even though he wasn’t moving as fast as before, Ziyun’s pace was still swift.

The closer he got to the corpse of the giant beast, the stronger the repellent power that came from ahead. However, he was able to navigate his way through effortlessly.

Eventually, forty meters!

Looking at the giant beast’s corpse just near him, and sensing the enormous and dreadful power hidden within the corpse, a solemn expression appeared on Ziyun’s face.

“Be careful!” Standing outside of the light film, Xu Ran expressed a serious tone and warned him in a low voice that echoed in the cave.

This beast must have fallen a long time ago, but the power it scattered was still capable of forming such a strong light film repelling us.

Who knows if this beast had left any other means before it fell?

“Meow-” (Iunderstand!)

Ziyun nodded seriously, and then slowly lifted a paw wrapped in blazes of compiled thunders.

The thunder on the surface his paw became profound in the blink of an eye, as if an intimidating power was brewing, ready to burst out. It felt as if a complete destruction would follow.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level – Destruction Thunder Claw!

Wrapped in such power, Ziyun’s muscles tensed up instantly. He slowly approached the giant beast’s corpse, which was right before his eyes.

“Boom!!!”

A low explosion echoed in the cave.

The violet electricity instantly shot out in all directions. The Thunderforce within the giant beast’s corpse was activated and began to overflow on the surface, making the dreadful aura it emitted clearer to sense.

Faintly, one could even hear a bellow resembling that of a cow or a tiger coming from within the beast’s corpse.

Ziyun retreated a few steps after making contact, and immediately looked at the point of attack, the next moment his different colored eyes were filled with surprise and shock.

Not a single hair was damaged on the beast’s body!

In the next moment, Ziyun’s expression turned sorrowful.

Damn it!

He could not break the defense, then how is he supposed to extract high-level resources from the giant beast’s body?

“Does it have such strong defensive power just by its body?” Xu Ran, who also witnessed this scene, became puzzled, “What realm was this creature in before it died?”

A supranormal species of Leadership Stage with dual attributes and a Full Moon level Three Star Skill could not even break its defense.

That means, if this beast was alive, Ziyun could not even injure it even if he exerted all his effort?

Are Supranormal beings of King Stage really that powerful?

Or does this creature possess strength beyond the King stage?

“Meow-” (Such impressive defense…)

Cancan, who roughly understood the situation with Star’s explanation and looked with envy at the spot on the giant beast’s corpse where Ziyun had attacked full force.

Big sister could penetrate her defense with just a blow, yet this beast, which is much larger than her, can easily withstand big sister

1

s attack even after so many years since its fall.

If she reaches that level, wouldn’t big sister cease to harm her?

“Meow!” (There’s a change!)

Star roared, its eyes suddenly turned pitch black with chain-like patterns spinning around its pupils. Sensing the faintly changing power within the giant beast’s corpse, it immediately alerted.

“Be careful, Ziyun!”

With the assistance of Fated Star Pulling

1

s shared vision, Xu Ran was able to sense the dangers through Night Inspection in time after Star’s warning, he promptly alerted with changes in his facial expression.

“Meow!” (I know!)

In fact, without the warnings from the trio, Ziyun, who was the closest to the giant beast’s corpse also sensed the anomaly.

It seemed like the Thunderforce in his claw and the Thunderforce naturally found in the giant beast’s corpse had shown some kind of resonance which caused the power that had been dormant in the beast’s corpse for an unknown amount of time to suddenly become lively.

More and more electricity was sprawling on the surface of the giant beast’s body, releasing a horrifying aura causing Ziyun to take a few steps back.

However, after retreating a few steps, Ziyun stopped.

A puzzled look appeared on his face.

Because the overflowing electricity seemed to have caused him no harm.

“Maybe it’s because you have absorbed its power during evolution.” Xu Ran, who noticed the anomaly, quickly came up with a hypothesis and promptly voiced out, “So the power it left behind did not harm you.”

“More likely, this power was conjured because it sensed a part of it in your power.”

Is that so…

While listening to Xu Ran’s analysis and considering the giant beast’s corpse in front of him, which was becoming increasingly horrifying but was vaguely showing a hint of familiarity, Ziyun’s eyes revealed a moment of hesitation.