Chapter 211 - 140: Haven'T Joined Yet, But Already In Debt?_L

Chapter 211 - 140: Haven't Joined Yet, But Already in Debt?_l

Chapter 211: Chapter 140: Haven’t Joined Yet, But Already in Debt?_l

Translator: 549690339

On his way to the training area, Xu Ran started to check the spoils from his recent ten-consecutive drawing.

First, the purple items.

Just one glimpse, and a smile bubbled up on his face.

This time, it was far luckier than any previous ten-consecutive drawings.

Two purple items from a single draw, unprecedented!

These two purple items, one of them was the long-missed Meditation

Acceleration Card.

Considering the time, the second Meditation Acceleration Card only had less than ten days left, the recharge came just in time.

As for the second purple Item-

Seeing it, Xu Ran’s smile deepened even more.

Because another new item has appeared.

It was a special item like a scroll, wrapped in a purple light.

[Three-star Skill Scroll]

[The Three-star Skill Scroll is a special item produced by the system, which can only be used by the host’s Pet Beast. Using it will give the beast a new three- star skill, or upgrade an existing skill to three stars (this effect is invalid for skills that are already three stars or above).]

Xu Ran: “!!!”

Looking at this brand new reward, Xu Ran’s face took on a strange expression.

The first time he entered the lottery page, besides the Holy Spirit Race Evolution Path, he saw another golden item-the Five-star Skill Scroll.

The Three-Star Skill Scroll he obtained now was probably a lower-tier version

of it.

And its effect

star should like it very much.

Initially, Xu Ran set a value of 500 value points for purple items, but now it seemed a little low.

He had only come across the Meditation Acceleration Card and the King Species Evolution Route. The former couldn’t be used by the Pet Beast, cannot be priced, and the value of the latter was not definite, lacking a suitable benchmark.

But now, he had one.

The Three-star Skill Scroll, if compared to the cost of promoting a normal two- star fusion skill to three stars, should be valued around 1,000 value points.

The other purple item, the Fetal Breath Orb, was no lower in conversion.

So-

Xu Ran touched his chin, revealing a thoughtful look.

Would it be a bit unethical to raise the price of purple items at this time?

“That’s right, just like this, cleaning windows-”

Tony’s smarmy voice interrupted Xu Ran’s musings.

Seeing Tony and the Flame Fox doing a “cleaning windows” dance up ahead,

the corner of Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly, “That…”

“Boss, what’s up?” Tony habitually gave Xu Ran a combo of a heart-touching + wink, revealing a harmless smile on his face.

“Liu Gu is here. You promised him a massage…”

“Thankyou for reminding me, boss.” Tony’s interest was piqued. His hands lifted, pinching in the air, the smile on his face growing even more harmless.

He swayed to the rhythm of the music and quickly disappeared into the firetype training area.

“Boss Xu, your employee is really…” Su Xiaoxiao, who was concentrating on her own Pet Beast’s training, finally couldn’t help showing a speechless expression when she saw Xu Ran.

It’s too shocking for the eyes!

To train Flame Wall, she ignored the strange dance choreography, but what the hell was this accommodative training with a burly man in a pink heart- patterned suit?!

“Um…” Xu Ran shrugged, “Think positively, Teacher Tony

1

s dance is very expressive, which helps to motivate the Flame Fox, right?”@@novelbin@@

SuXiaoxiao: “…Ah?”

“Alright, I’ll leave first.” Xu Ran waved, leaving behind a clueless Su Xiaoxiao and a Flame Fox that was still cleaning windows.

He had already figured out how to adjust the value points for the purple items. The adjustment was necessary as Purple wouldn’t be the last, there might be red and gold items in the future. Once a mistake was made, the value of subsequent items might plummet.

He’ll let bygones be bygones on what was previously exchanged, otherwise, Cancan would owe even more.

Moreover, the King Species Evolution Route will still be exchanged at 500 points.

This way, the impact of the value adjustment of the purple items can be minimized.

When Xu Ran came back to the first floor, the door of the grooming room was closed. From time to time, strange noises from Tony and Liu Gu came from inside. Xu Ran was a bit curious but had no idea to open the door and look inside.

“Let’s go, we’ll go upstairs.” Seeing the Wind Lion Dog and the Sea Wave Flower waiting for Liu Gu in the rest area, Xu Ran took the chalkboard and chalk, gave a look to the three little ones.

Seeing the familiar “artifacts”, both Ziyun and Star’s eyes suddenly lit up. Cancan quickly realised what was happening too and followed them upstairs with a look of excitement and curiosity.

One man and three beasts were soon in a room on the second floor.

“The new round of resource allocation starts now!” Looking at the three little ones with expectant faces, Xu Ran let out a small smile, “Since we had some value points left over from last time, before the allocation, I will remind you of how much you each have.”

“First is Ziyun.” Xu Ran looked at Ziyun, then drew a cat head with chalk on the blackboard, and wrote the number “2747” behind it, “Ziyun, you have 2747 value points left.”

“Meow!” (Understood!)

Ziyun’s eyes lit up. This was its little treasure chest!

Whether it can grab more resources today depends on it.

“Sure?” (So much?)

Looking at the string of numbers it could barely recognize, Cancan tilted its head, its face full of envy.

With so many value points, you can exchange a lot of things, right? just now, Star and it mentioned that the King Species Evolution Path is only 500 value points.