Chapter 218 - 143 Thunder Bead And Long Knife 2

Chapter 218: Chapter 143 Thunder Bead and Long Knife 2

Translator: 549690339???

b

—

In the next instant, hesitation solidifies into determination.

Facing the increasingly wild electrical light, Ziyun takes one step at a time towards the corpse of the giant beast.

Bolts of electricity erupt from Ziyun’s body, seemingly in response to the electricity atop the beast’s corpse.

Although there is a vast gap between the two, it seems that the electricity atop the giant beast’s corpse has sensed Ziyun’s power and has begun to change.

It starts to converge.

The electric light, which originally filled almost all the space within the range of the light film, under the gaze of three of them, visible to the naked eye, is shrinking in the direction of the giant beast’s corpse at this moment.

Also shrinking are the outermost light film created by the force left by the beast’s corpse’s landing and the strong repulsion within it.

The robust and terrifying giant beast’s corpse, which Ziyun was not able to break open with all her power, within the electric light, is becoming increasingly transparent.

Xu Ran’s mouth slowly widens, shocked by the unfolding scene before him.

Eventually, the beast’s corpse, akin to a small hill, vanishes into the cavern beneath them.

Nothing remains but a plain, rustic dagger hanging in the air, a small purple bead the size of a knuckle, and Ziyun squatting underneath them, a little lost in her eyes.

“Zzzzzz ”

Accompanied by the sharp sound of the air being split apart, a bolt of electricity cuts through the long night, streaking down from the thundercloud and striking the mountaintop beneath the thundercloud as if it was sliced in half by a knife.

If Xu Ran were to emerge from the cavern beneath the mountain and see this scene, he would surely be surprised.

Unlike the terrifying thunder he saw when he arrived, the bolt has significantly weakened.???????????????????????????????

7

After the bolt fell, it was a long time before the next one descended.

The dark and oppressive thundercloud which had been looming over the area for who knows how long was gradually thinning. The starlight and moonlight quietly fell on the mountain, outlining its silhouette.

In the night, this scene is not as clear as during the day, still, it attracts the attention of many wild extraordinary creatures active in the vicinity.

“Howl ”

A long howl comes from the east side of the hillside.

The one making the sound was a giant silver wolf, about ten meters in size.

Unlike the Frost Dust Wolf, this giant wolf has a clear, slightly glowing crescent mark on its forehead. A tremendous and palpitation-inducing sense of power swirls around its body. Its sharp and cold eyes gaze indifferently in the direction of the hillside.

A fighting- type extraordinary creature, Silver Moon Wolf.

Behind it, there are seven or eight Silver Moon Wolves that look similar but are about half its size, forming a pack.

Their constant emission of powerful energy is enough to drive timid and weak creatures away.

Nevertheless, not all extraordinary creatures fear the Silver Moon Wolf pack. “Hiss-”

The low, heart-stirring hissing sound, traveling from the southeast side of the mountain, is rather clear in the quiet night.

A gigantic snake, about fifteen meters in length, with scales of dark green intertwined with frightful black patterns, lifts its head high from the south side of the mountain and stares at the Silver Moon Head Wolf. Its pair of slit eyes, like sharp needles, gleam with an icy glow.

A dark attribute extraordinary creature, Dark Avatar Snake.

“Coo ”

With a harsh and unpleasant call, a monstrous bird, its body engulfed in black flames and four wings spread out to a length of more than ten meters, descends from the sky and perches on a dead tree to the northeast of the mountain.

In the black flames, two points of profound darkness gaze in the direction of the Dark Avatar Snake and the Silver Moon Head Wolf.

A dark attribute extraordinary creature, Night Flame Crow.

These three extraordinary creatures are the most powerful elite stage ones in the nearby area.

If Xu Ran were here, he would be surprised to find that each of them is as powerful as the black lizard that chased them before.

For some unknown reason, their strength is superior to a typical elite stage, but they still fail to reach the leader stage.

After these three powerful extraordinary creatures appeared, a short standoff ensued. They occasionally stared in the direction of the mountainside, reverence in their eyes.

“Hiss?? ”

The Beast King is dead, and its power has dissipated.

A moment later, the Dark Avatar Snake hisses again.

The other two extraordinary creatures, already familiar with each other and the mountain, immediately understand its meaning.

A cryptic look flickers in their eyes. Shortly after, the Night Flame Crow gives a hoarse growl.

“Coo??? ”

Do you want to devour its bones?

“Hiss?? ”

Don’t you desire the same? This is the body of the Beast King, devouring it gives us the chance to become a Beast King ourselves.

The hesitation in Night Flame Crow’s eyes gradually gives way to greed. The instinctual fear of an unimaginably powerful entity is erased by the temptation of potentially becoming a Beast King.

“Grr??? ”

How should we split it?

Looking at the two interlocutors that took the Beast Emperor’s carcass as their own, a mocking expression flashed in the eyes of the Silver Moon Head Wolf. “Awoo? ”

Even a fallen Beast Emperor isn

1

1 something for your teeth to chew.

Feeling the teasing in the voice of the Silver Moon Head Wolf, the Dark Erosion Snake’s hissing became even lower, its gaze colder, staring in the direction of the Silver Moon Head Wolf.

“Sss??? ”

What are you implying?

The Silver Moon Head Wolf, with a hint of disdain in its eyes, turned its head towards the half mountain direction. After waiting for a while, it let out a long howl.

“Awoo?? ”

Report to the Core Area, the core six kings will give us enough reward, and we don’t have the power to monopolize the cadaver of the Beast Emperor.

The Dark Erosion Snake’s high head slightly lowered. Its serpentine body suddenly tensed up, pressing against the rough terrain, showing a defensive posture while slightly opening its mouth to reveal its long and pitch-black fangs.

“Sss??? ”

What if I say no?

A hint of disdain flashed in the eyes of the Silver Moon Head Wolf.

“Awoo?? ”

Then I will make the report on my own.

The word of the Silver Moon Head Wolf instantly infuriated the Dark Erosion Snake and the Night Flame Crow who were trying to take the carcass. The atmosphere in the half mountain area has suddenly become tense.

Suddenly remembering something, a playful look appeared in the eyes of the Night Flame Crow as it looked at the Silver Moon Head Wolf.

“Grr??? ”

The six kings probably don’t have the energy to pay attention here for the time being, your report will be useless.

The pupils of the Silver Moon Head Wolf contracted slightly, it heard a hint of arrogance from the other’s words.

“Awoo?? ”

What do you mean?

“Grr??? ”

The Nightmare Beast King’s recently born twelfth daughter is missing near a certain human city.

“Such a powerful force coalesced into such a tiny bead?”

Approaching Ziyun and looking up at the Thunder Bead floating in the sky, Xu

Ran’s face showed a trace of surprise.

When he saw that Ziyun couldn’t break through the defense of the Giant Beast’s corpse, he thought that they would return from this venture empty-handed. Surprisingly, things went so well.

The Giant Beast’s corpse directly converged into a resource, simply out of convenience.

“Let’s take this resource back along with this knife…” Xu Ran casually reached out towards the Thunder Bead in the sky.

Before he even got close, a bolt of lightning instantly burst out from the Thunder Bead and struckXu Ran’s hand heavily.

“Sss ”

Xu Ran drew back his hand as if electrocuted – right, he was really electrocuted – his face showing a helpless expression, “This thing is not easy to handle.” “Meow-” (Let me do it.)

Ziyun glanced at Xu Ran, then jumped lightly and approached the Thunder Bead.

The Thunder Bead that had attacked Xu Ran voluntarily was completely indifferent when Ziyun approached, allowing him to effortlessly grab it out of midair, much to Xu Ran’s chagrin.

“In that case, you keep it.”

Looking up again, Xu Ran’s gaze fell on the plain long knife hanging in mid-air, its blade still stained with indelible dirt. @@novelbin@@

Was it this modest knife that had cleaved the mountain and killed the Giant Beast?

No matter how many times he saw it, Xu Ran always felt an overwhelming emotion welling up inside him.

He once again raised his hand and slowly gripped the handle of the long knife. “Hum?? ”

Along with a low humming sound, the long knife started vibrating violently.

Under Xu Ran’s shocked gaze, a great momentum suddenly erupted from the knife, charging straight at him!

Next, I’ll write the next chapter, go, go, go.