Chapter 212 - 140: Haven'T Joined Yet, But Already In Debt?_2

Chapter 212 - 140: Haven't Joined Yet, But Already in Debt?_2

Chapter 212: Chapter 140: Haven’t Joined Yet, But Already in Debt?_2

Translator: 549690339

“Next is Star.” Xu Ran looked at Star, drew an identical pattern on the small blackboard to the star on Star’s forehead, then wrote down the number “34.17” next to it, “Star has 3417 value points left.”

Charming! (This is more!)

Cancan looked shocked, staring at Star admiringly.

Eventhough Star wasn’t one to show off, feeling Cancan’s gaze, it couldn’t help but hold its head up a bit higher.

“Then, Cancan.” Xu Ran’s gaze finally landed on Cancan.

Charming? (Do I have any too?)

Cancan blinked, its eyes showing a hint of surprise and anticipation.

Didn’t they say the value points would be allocated next time?

Could it be…

Under Cancan’s increasingly expectant gaze, Xu Ran drew a small turtle shell on the blackboard, then wrote the number “-300” after it.

“You owe Ziyun and Star 150 value points each.”

Huh?

Wha-at?!

Cancan’s face froze with expectancy.

Its amber eyes suddenly widened in disbelief.

Being in debt? Why?!

“Strictly speaking, this happened before you hatched.” Xu Ran gave Cancan a sympathetic look.

Before Cancan formed its contract, Xu Ran and the two pet beasts naturally didn’t bring up the matter, but now Cancan had indeed formed the contract and it just happened to be time for resource allocation, so of course, he had to remind it.

“In simple terms, there was a resource at the time that needed 500 value points to accelerate your hatching and gave you greater potential.”

Xu Ran paused for a moment, “So Ziyun and Star decided to lend you 250 each, exchange it, and let you use it early.”

Is that so…

Cancan blinked.

The confusion in its eyes quickly turned into affection, and it gazed at Ziyun and Star with its teary eyes.

Sister Ziyun and brother Star are so nice to me!

But then, Cancan’s little head started to turn.

Something doesn’t seem right?

Charming? (So why is it 150 points now?)

“Well…” Xu Ran paused, and Ziyun and Star’s expressions became a bit strange, “because Ziyun and Star learned how to shrink from you, which is worth too points.”

“So, too points were deducted from the debt each.”

They learned it from me?

Cancan looked at Ziyun and Star.

It had thought that all Transcendent Beings could use reduction when it saw both of them being able to use it.

So that’s how it is…

Charming? (Can they learn more skills from me to offset the debt?)

Cancan, trying to make inferences, attempted to offset the debt.

“I’m afraid that won’t work.” Xu Ran shook his head, “All your other skills are Earth attribute skills, which they can’t learn.”

Charming… (Alright…)

Cancan lowered its head, looking like it was about to cry.

In the end, as a baby that had just been born for a week and was only twentyseven meters long, was it still going to carry such a heavy debt?

“Alright, let’s start counting the resources we can exchange this time.” Xu Ran gently coughed, quickly changing the topic.

He picked up a pencil and quickly wrote on the blackboard:

“Physical points: 6164 points (Remaining) +8190 points (Undistributed)”

“Skill points: 6150 points (Undistributed)”

“Skill Fragments: 3 (Star) +89 (Undistributed)”

“Skill Fusion stones: 2 (Star) +8 (Undistributed)”

“Beast Master Points: 430 points (Ziyun) +4433 points (Star) +4256 points (Undistributed)”

“Three Star Skill Scrolls”

Compared to the previous list of resources, this list lacks some items.

First is the teachable skills.

Dragon Power has become teachable but can only be taught to Cancan, and as Cancan isn’t participating in this resource allocation, it is still considered unteachable.

In addition, this time, two purple resources were obtained from the ten consecutive pulls, but the remaining eight were Skill fusion stones, so there were no Energy Abundant Potions.

Noticing that Ziyun and Star’s gaze finally landed on “Three Star Skill Scrolls”, Xu Ran smirked and circled it with chalk, “This item allows gaining a new three-star skill, or upgrading an existing skill directly to three stars.”

“Xi Lu!” (I want it!)

At the moment Xu Ran’s words fell, Star gave an excited neigh.

“This resource requires 1,000 value points in exchange.” Xu Ran added.

But this, clearly did not defeat Star’s enthusiasm in the slightest.

Was it lacking in value points?

No! It’s time!

With this Three-Star Skill Scroll and the undelegated 8 Skill Fusion Stones, it can possess four Three-Star skills today!

With this, already having all skills at Waning Moon level, it would only lack a single Three-Star skill from fulfilling the evolution conditions!

“Meow-” (I give it to you-)

Ziyun licked her paws. Although she was also a bit tempted after hearing the effect, considering the need of Star, she voluntarily gave up her claim.

Noticing Cancan looking somewhat puzzled on the side, Ziyun stretched out her paw to pat the hard scales on her back, conveniently explaining to Cancan the excellent tradition of prioritizing evolving teammates in resource selection.

“Meow-” (This is our team’s tradition…)

“Charming!” (I understand!)

After listening to Ziyun’s explanation, although Cancan didn’t feel much participation in this distribution, she felt more integrated into this warm family.

After explaining the effect of the Three-Star Skill Scrolls, the resources allocation officially began.

“This time the value points are 21,286, you each divide it in half.” Xu Ran paused for a moment, “Plus the remaining, Ziyun has 13,390 points, Star has 14,060 points.”

Ziyun and Star exchanged glances, then began a round of py trading.

Star took the lead to exchange 2,690 Value Points into a Three-Star Skill Scroll, all Skill Fragments and Skill Fusion Stones.

As for Ziyun, in urgent need of various resources to improve her strength, she unhesitatingly received all the Beast Master Points.

Then, Ziyun and Star battled for ownership of the Skill Points.

In the end, Ziyun, who had already broken through to the Leadership Stage and was in more urgent need to upgrade her skills to the Full Moon Level, exchanged 4,300 Skill Points to upgrade Destruction Thunder Claw and Fighting Body to the Full Moon Level. The remaining Skill Points were used to upgrade Step on Electric Traces to (1763/2000).

Three skills at the Full Moon Level, the fourth skill is not far off!

Star exchanged 1,850 Skill Points, combined with the training improvement of the past week, Star Chain was upgraded to the Full Moon Level.

In the end, Ziyun exchanged the remaining 4,834 Value Points for Physical Points, and her balance of Value Points fell to zero again.

On the other side, Star did not choose to exchange Physical Points. After the series of exchanges, the balance of Value Points remained 9,520 points. “Charming!” (That’s amazing…)

The exchange between the two seniors had Cancan’s mind in awe.

Thinking about participating in the next one, her heart was filled with endless anticipation.

But before that, it has to repay the debt it owes first!

Just born and carrying such a heavy scale shell, its life was already hard enough. This debt is something it can’t shoulder no matter what!

“Meow-” (I’ve grown stronger, but also poorer…)@@novelbin@@

After the exchange and point allocation was over, Ziyun sighed helplessly, a look of melancholy appeared on her face.

She, who originally had a four-figure savings, had now instantly regressed to start.

Although she still has over four thousand Beast Master Points, it will probably be very little left after a round of exchanges later.

Also sighing, was Star.

Staring at its nearly ten thousand remaining Value Points, its eyes were full of melancholy.

The feeling of not being able to use up the money is really hard.

Compared to that, it even envied its big sister more.

Each time resources are distributed they can be quickly realized, transforming into one’s own strength. Even though big sister is as poor as ever, the gap in strength between her and Star has widened again.

So… evolution!

A resolute light shone in the eyes of Star.

After evolution, it will again have no need to suppress its strength and can break through directly to the Leadership Stage.

The lack of resource needs at this moment, will become a bottomless pit once again when that time comes.

“Xi Lu!” (Let’s start Skill Fusion!)

Star looked towards Xu Ran, with ambitious determination flaming in its eyes.

Xu Ran nodded his head and opened the Skill Fragment exchange list of the Recycling function.

[★* Night Song] + [★* Moon Hide] + [*★ Dark Sheen]

[Fusion Success Rate: 7.1 %»]

[Do you want to proceed with the Fusion?]

[Yes][No]

Starting tomorrow, we will resume regular updates at midday.