Chapter 223 - 146 Cancan'S Math Class 1

Chapter 223: Chapter 146 Cancan’s Math Class 1

Translator: 549690339     —

It seems that Boss Cat has a deeply affectionate relationship with its Beast Master.”@@novelbin@@

Stepping out of the alley, Xu Ran couldn’t help but sigh quietly.

Because of running the Foster Shop, he had encountered many kinds of Pet

Beasts, and each had different stories with their Beast Masters.

However, this was the first time he had seen one like Boss Cat.

Seeing the stately Boss Cat crying like a child, Xu Ran also felt uncomfortable. That was another reason why he chose to leave quietly.

It is said that time can heal everything, but Xu Ran believed that no matter how long time passed, the impression of Boss Cat’s Beast Master would not be erased from its heart.

Perhaps, this is the bond between Beast Masters and their Pet Beasts?

A smile crept onto Xu Ran’s face. As he walked back to the Foster Shop, he was pondering about the three little ones waiting for him at the Foster Shop.

I wonder what they are doing now?

“Meow-” (Two times four is eight!)

In the Foster Shop, Ziyun had somehow found the Multiplication Table that it and Star had started learning from, and hit the table with its paw.

“Charming!” (I remember! Two times four is eight!)

Cancan nodded seriously, repeating Ziyun’s formula in a child-like voice.

“Xi Lu~” (Perfect!)

Star raised a hoof and patted Cancan’s shell, a look of admiration in its eyes.

Keep studying math, little Cancan!

Learn to do sums, and you can pay back next time when resources are allocated! Seeing Cancan’s proud face as if to say “this is too easy”, a hint of craftiness flickered in Ziyun’s eyes.

“Meow?” (What’s 1000 minus 7?)

“Charming- Charming?!” (Isn’t that sim- simple?!)

Cancan’s proud expression disappeared quickly. He stretched out a claw to wipe off the non-existent cold Sweat on his forehead.

Math is terrifying!

“Xi Lu-” (Keep it up!)

Star gave Cancan an encouraging look.

Memorizing the multiplication table is just a beginning!

“Meow!” (Keepgoing!)

This is the scene Xu Ran saw when he returned to the Foster Shop.

“What are you…” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly, his look of emotion disappeared and he asked, “Doing math?”

“Meow-” (Exactly.)

Ziyun nodded earnestly.

All of this started after Xu Ran had left.

Originally, the three little ones were calmly waiting for Xu Ran in the shop. Suddenly, Cancan looked at the price menu on the wall and sighed.

Charming- ” (Such a long string of numbers, how much is that?)

Realizing that Cancan, who would be part of the next resource allocation, hadn’t learned math, the basic skill required within their team, Ziyun and Star instantly turned into math teachers and initiated teaching mode.

Therefore, the situation at present.

After Ziyun and Star explained everything, Xu Ran didn’t know what to make of it all.

However, indeed, Cancan should learn some math. Otherwise, he would be at a disadvantage during the next allocation of resources.

“In that case, you two keep teaching.” Xu Ran paused and added, “Oh right, don’t forget today’s training…”

Before he could finish speaking, all three had already dashed towards the back door.

A new day and a fresh eight hours of training time, every second must be utilized!

Seeing their bustling enthusiasm, Xu Ran couldn’t help but chuckle.

Well then, he must strive as well.

The next goal after breaking through to the Third Stage with the contract power is to breach the Fourth Stage.

But, this step isn’t so easy.

It took Xu Ran about ten days to break through from First Stage to Second Stage, and from Second Stage to Third Stage took forty days.

However, progressing from the Third Stage to the Fourth Stage will be even more difficult.

Beast Masters hit bottlenecks when attempting to break through to the Fourth Sixth, and Eighth stages.

If you say that anyone possessing the qualifications of a Beast Master can eventually achieve the Third stage through patient meditation, then to break beyond the Fourth stage requires not only patience, but also talent.

Some Beast Masters could never reach the Fourth Stage throughout their lives.

Even if they could break through the Fourth Stage, the Sixth and Eight stages still pose intimidating thresholds.

This is similar to how Pet Beasts need to evolve to increase their growth limit.

With that in mind, it is not possible for Xu Ran, who has just broken through to the Third Stage, to break through to the Fourth Stage in a short time, even with the help of the Meditation Accelerator Card.

The Meditation Accelerator Card is not impactful enough!”

Xu Ran couldn’t help but murmuring, “In the future, when drawing Red Items would there be something like an Enhanced Meditation Accelerator? Maybe a ’ thousand-fold meditation acceleration!”

After grumbling, Xu Ran stretched and opened the door to the Shop.

Soon, the operation of the Starfire Foster Shop for the new day officially began.

Since he can’t break through to the Fourth Stage quickly, he’ll strive to earn some resources for the three children at home for now.

“Unbelievable!”

Within the Beast Master Association, Gu Wu slapped a letter on the conference table with a slightly grim expression.

Paper correspondences are rare in this era.

Due to the Wild Super Creatures, Signal Base Stations are difficult to establish outside human cities. But within the cities, technology still maintains a comprehensive legacy.

Signal Base Stations can be used, and communication through messages is entirely possible.

But paper correspondences are important in this era.

They often imply that the news comes from other cities, almost entirely cut off from information.

The letter on the conference table at the moment is from another city, namely the Second Level Town, Xieyun City, which had been in contact with them not long ago.