Chapter 228 - 148: Cancan’S Evolution Path!_2

Chapter 228: Chapter 148: Cancan’s Evolution Path!_2

Translator: 549690339

Unlike previous skill fusions, both of these skills were taught to Star early on and they both have Waning Moon Level proficiency.

After fusing them, future Star not only will be able to maintain these traits, but also wouldn’t need to spread its energy thin anymore, making it possible to enhance its Talent Skills more efficiently.

So, it still chose to use the Skill Fusion Stone for fusion.

Nearly twice as many Skill Fusion Stones as before will strongly guarantee its successful fusion!

“Charming!” (EvolutionPath!)

Cancan’s eyes are brighter than Star’s.

For Cancan, this is the first time to be involved in the resource allocation.

Who would have thought that the first time of participating in resource allocation would bring such a surprise!

Among the three Pet Beasts, Cancan is the only one who hasn’t obtained the Evolution Path. Without a doubt, this resource belongs to it.

With 500 Value Points, it’s going to claim it immediately!

Cancan’s eyes were filled with excitement.

After the evolution, can it be as strong as its elder sister?

“Meow-” (Skill Points!)

Ziyun was fixed on the remaining over five thousand Skill Points that could be allocated.

Three of its skills have already reached Full Moon Level, and “Step on Electric Traces” is not far from increasing proficiency level. With just under two thousand more Skill Points, it can upgrade it to Full Moon Level with the King’s Power.

Then all Three Star Skills will be upgraded to Full Moon Level!

It’s still far from Full Moon Level for all Skills, but it’s almost there for all Three Star Skills!

However…

Ziyun glanced at Cancan and sighed.

Star’s Skill Proficiency has all reached Waning Moon Level, there’s no need for it to exchange Skill Points as a priority.

But after Cancan redeemed the Evolution Path, it will have to prioritize the Skill Points again.

Life is tough, kitty sighs.

When would there be an Evolution Route above the King Species so that it would have the feeling of priority again!

“I guess I don’t need to elaborate on these resources.” Xu Ran laughed as he looked at the Three little ones with sparkling eyes. “After the last distribution, Ziyun has 0 Value Points and Star has 9520 Value Points.”

“After evenly distributing the resources this time, you each get 6375 points.” Xu Ran shrugged, “Let’s start exchanging.”

He crossed his arms, leaning against Little Black’s board, ready to enjoy the show.

It’s always fun to watch pets haggling over how to allocate resources.

“Xi Lu!” (I’ll do the Skill Fusion first!)

Star looked at Ziyun and Cancan and took the initiative.

It only has one Three Star Skill left to meet all evolution conditions.

By tomorrow when it goes to Xieyun City and exchanges the Single Horn of a mature Night Demon Dragon, it would be able to evolve at any time. So, the priority is the highest.

Moreover, letting it complete the Skill Fusion first, the remaining Skill Fusion Stones can be given to Cancan who is about to obtain an Evolution Path.

Presumably, Cancan’s evolution demands Three Star Skills as well.

Ziyun and Cancan had no objections.

After Star smoothly fuses its skills showing the advantages of this approach, Ziyun will also follow suit, fusing Blood Fury and Superfast Self-healing into Talent Skills.

So, Star’s fusion at this moment serves as an example.

Moreover, the intelligent Cancan, realizing that after Star completes this skill fusion, the remaining Skill Fusion Stones will be prioritized to it, has no objections.

“Then let’s start with the fusion.” Xu Ran nodded.

[**LongNight]+[**Nightfall]+[**Night Embrace]

[Fusion success rate: 1.1%]

[Proceed with the fusion?]

[Yes][No]

Let’s start!

The first fusion of three Two Star Skills with a success rate of over one percent gives Xu Ran unparalleled confidence. He puts in the Skill Fusion Stones without blinking an eye, and after a while, familiar words appear before him.

[Fusion Success]

[?★Long Night (Waning Moon Level)](5i9/2OOO)

4’^4′

[★★★Heart of Eternal Night (Waning Moon Level)](519/2OOO)

“It took seven Skill Fusion Stones, including one originally from Star, and now there are eleven left.” Xu Ran reported the fusion results and then looked at Star, “What’s the effect of the new skill?”

From its name, Xu Ran couldn’t help but associate it with one of Cancan’s powerful two-star skills.

Heart of the Earth.

He wondered whether the two were related.

“Xi Lu!” (This skill is so powerful!)

After carefully feeling the new skill, excitement showed in Star’s eyes as it started sharing its joy with its buddies.

The effects of the three skills fused into Heart of Eternal Night are all different, so the effect of the Heart of Eternal Night is bound to be complex.

First of all, it’s the effect brought by the fusion with Nightfall.

Star can still use Dark Attribute Skills without restriction due to environmental factors.

Besides that, there was an entirely new effect.

That was, his dark attribute skills could receive an additional amplification.

This effect was identical to Cancan’s Heart of the Earth.

In addition to that, the Heart of Eternal Night could also continuously restore his power and injuries.

The biggest bug of this effect was that Night Embrace and Long Night originally had to absorb power from the dark environment.

However, Nightfall’s effect solved the limitation of the dark environment.

So now, it had become recovery anywhere, anytime.

“I somewhat understand now why the fusion rate of these three skills is so high.” Xu Ran showed a thoughtful expression, “Their combination, it can even exploit bugs.”

“No matter what, we have successfully achieved Three Stars.” He smiled and patted Star’s head, “I initially thought that these three skills might not fuse, after all, there’s a duplicate skill among them. Turns out I was overthinking.” “Then the next thing…” Xu Ran’s eyes turned to Cancan.

“Charming!” (Select the King Species Evolution Route!)

Cancan’s eyes lit up, but remembered something immediately after.

“Charming!” (First, let’spay off the debt!)

It was already carrying a heavy shell and didn’t want to shoulder any more burdensome debts!

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded, “A total of 800 value points, Ziyun and Star each add 150 points.”

After saying this, Xu Ran locked the King Species Evolution Route on Cancan.

Various evolution paths appeared before his eyes.

[Evolution Path: Golden Scale Turtle (Earth)^Stone Shell Turtle (Earth)

Evolution Difficulty: ★★**☆

Evolution Potential: ★★★**]

[Evolution Path: Golden Scale Turtle (Earth)->Rock Scale Turtle (Earth)

Evolution Difficulty:

Evolution Potential: ★**☆*]

[Evolution Path:…]

There’s even an evolution path with zero-star evolution difficulty?

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched, suppressing his curiosity, he looked at Cancan, “The evolution path has difficulty and potential separately. Paths with high evolutionary potential can go further in the future, but the difficulty of evolution will be higher.”

“What kind of evolution route do you plan to choose?”

“Charming?” (Can I choose?)

Cancan couldn’t help but lookback at Ziyun and Star.

“Meow-” (Choose the one with the highest potential.)

Ziyun gave Cancan a “trust me” look.

“Sure!” (Potential is high so we can go further.)

Star’s advice was in line with Ziyun’s.

Seeing this, Cancan no longer hesitated.

“Charming!” (Choose the one with Five Stars potential!)

“Good.” Xu Ran began to filter out the paths with Five Stars potential. @@novelbin@@

Then, his expression suddenly became stiff.

There are actually two paths with five stars evolutionary potential?!

And those two evolution pathways… both had four stars evolution difficulty?

After a brief stupor, Xu Ran swiftly looked at Cancan.

He understood!

The enhanced potential from the Fetal Breath Orb, was reflected here.

“You have two evolution paths with Five Stars potential,” Xu Ran turned his head to look at Cancan, and slowly said, “The first one is to evolve into a Dual attribute tortoise of Earth and Water, Xuan Ming Turtle.”

“The second one is to evolve into an Earth attribute Panlong Turtle.”

“The evolution difficulty of these two pathways is all Four Stars, and the potential is Five Stars.” Xu Ran’s voice paused for a moment, “So, which one are you going to choose?”

“Charming?” (Two choices?)

Cancan blinked.

Damn, both options seemed very strong.

“Meow- ” (Choose the dual attributes!)

Ziyun gave Cancan an encouraging look.

How superior dual attributes are! And having an additional attribute means it’s not easy to be restrained.

“Sure!” (Single attribute is also quite good.)

For once, Star shook his head, contradicting Ziyun’s view.

Another attribute will undoubtedly increase the difficulty of future evolution. This time, the evolution may be Four Star difficulty, but the difficulty of future evolution isn’t known.

And…

Star raised one hoof and indicated toward the Two stars skill Dragon Power on the blackboard.

This skill couldn’t possibly be for the two of them, could it?