Chapter 227 - 148: Cancan’S Evolution Path!_L

Chapter 227: Chapter 148: Cancan’s Evolution Path!_l

Translator: 549690339

“Am… Am I dreaming?” @@novelbin@@

Looking at all the Transcendent Beings that had turned into ash and the occasional bursts of electricity on the scorched earth, the untouched Liu Gu blinked, revealing a dazed expression.

He hastily extended his hand and pinched himself hard, with a look of realization on his face, “No pain, I must be dreaming.”

“You’re pinching my leg!” Yan Fan gritted his teeth and then couldn’t help but burst into laughter, “We’ve been saved.”

“Yes, we’ve been saved.” Zhang Yun, who had experienced great joy and great sorrow in just a few seconds, shook his head violently and looked at Xu Ran who had emerged from the black mist.

“Good thing I made it in time.” Xu Ran exhaled, taking a look around, “How did you guys get surrounded by so many Transcendent Beings?”

“That’s a long story.” Zhang Yun shook his head helplessly, then his eyes filled with gratitude, “Boss Xu, it’s you who saved all of our lives.”

“You’re too kind.” Xu Ran shook his head, “Your experience of surviving outside the city, Team Leader Zhang, has been a great help to me, and everyone has been very kind to me.”

“It’s only right that I should check on you when you’re in danger.”

“But, Boss Xu, how did you know we were here?” Liu Xue wiped her tears, asking with a hint of confusion.

“The Armored Rhinoceros hasn’t been summoned in recent days, and you guys haven’t returned.” Xu Ran paused for a moment before continuing, “I was wondering, could it be that you guys have encountered some insurmountable problems, and that’s why Uncle Du didn’t summon the Armored Rhinoceros.” “As for why I knew you were here…” Xu Ran’s voice paused slightly, “The map that Team Leader Zhang gave me earlier showed the areas your team usually frequents. I just took a chance looking around, and luckily I caught up.”

“I see.” Liu Xue nodded in understanding, then suddenly widened her eyes, “Boss Xu, have you already become a Leadership Level Beast Master?!”

“Pure luck, pure luck.” Xu Ran laughed it off, changing the subject, “Let’s hurry back to the city before anything else happens.”

Despite being shocked by the speed of Xu Ran’s breakthrough, the team members understood that this was not the time to waste. They quickly gathered their belongings, and without even bothering to take the resources from the numerous Transcendent Beings scattered all over the ground, they followed Xu Ran and left.

“You guys should hurry back and let your families know you’re safe.”

At the city gate, Xu Ran, riding on Star’s back, waved at them.

“Boss Xu, for saving our lives, I will come to you to express my gratitude tomorrow.” Zhang Yun spoke earnestly.

“Er… It’s really not necessary.” Xu Ran scratched his head. “I’m going with the Association’s experts to Xieyun City tomorrow, I have no idea when I’ll be back.”

“Okay, I’m off now.” As Xu Ran turned to leave, he patted Liu Gu on the shoulder, “Uncle Liu, we’ll talk about the Washing and Protection of the Wind Lion Dog when I get back!”

“…Okay.”

Watching the quickly disappearing figure of Xu Ran and his three Pet Beasts, Liu Gu couldn’t help but touch his chin.

He had the feeling that…

Boss Xu had saved everyone just so he could pat him on the shoulder?

Hmm… He must be mistaken.

On the other side, Xu Ran returned to the Foster Shop where the three little ones were waiting with anticipation. He smiled slightly, “Cancan, how’s your arithmetic coming along?”

“Charming!” (I’ve mastered five-digit addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division!)

Cancan’s eyes shined as it quickly reported its learning progress.

Did Xu Ran ask this because…

After Xu Ran’s next words confirmed its guess.

“In that case, let’s begin another round of resource allocation when we get back to the shop!” Xu Ran said with a mysterious smile, “This time, there’re quite a few things that are perfect for Cancan!”

Two rounds of Ten Consecutive Drawing, yields were abundant.

It was worth the trip outside the city.

“XiLu!” (Let’s go!)

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, Star suddenly sped up its pace.

To get to the shop as soon as possible and start the distribution, it even used its Moon Concealment Star Racing.

A few minutes later, a man and his three pets appeared in the shop on the first floor.

Inside the closed shop door, Xu Ran, under the watchful and eager eyes of the three little ones, took out the familiar “magical instruments” – a small blackboard and a piece of chalk, and began writing vigorously.

“Physical Points: 9520 points (remaining) + 8648 points (undistributed)”

“Skill Points: 5440 points (undistributed)”

“Teachable Skills: ★★ Dragon Power (undistributed)”

“Skill Fragments: 2 pieces (Star) + 79 pieces (undistributed)”

“Skill Fusion Stones: 1 stone (Star) + 17 stones (undistributed)”

“Energy Abundant Potions: 1 bottle (undistributed)”

“Beast Master Points: 4686 points (Ziyun) + 4433 points (Star) + 597 points (undistributed)”

“King Species Evolution Path xl”

“Three Star Skill Scroll xl”

As Xu Ran finished writing down the resources for this distribution, a spark ignited in the eyes of the three Pet Beasts.

“Xi Lu!!” (There’re so many Skill Fusion Stones!)

Star’s eyes were glowing brilliantly.

Of its five Talent Skills, only the one-star skill, Tenacity, had not been upgraded to three stars. Currently, it was the two-star skill, Long Night.

To upgrade it to three stars, the first method is to use Skill Fusion Stones for Skill Fusion, and the second method is to use a Three Star Skill Scroll, like they did in the previous resource distribution.

And Star had determined the fusion formula for Long Night the last time.

(★★Long Night] + [★★Nightfall] + (★★Night Embrace]

The Nightfall Skill came from Xu Ran’s initial teachings.

Night Embrace was the result of the fusion of the one-star skill Self-healing Power and the one-star skill Night Capture.