Chapter 226 - 147: Lucky Liu Not Coming? I’Ll Take The Initiative!_2

Chapter 226: Chapter 147: Lucky Liu not coming? I’ll take the initiative!_2

Translator: 549690339 I

Xu Ran’s face tightens slightly.

If that’s the case, the situation could be rather grave.

If Lucky Liu doesn’t return, whom will he borrow his luck from for his future ten consecutive drawings?

This is absolutely unacceptable!

“Ziyun, Star, Cancan!” Xu Ran calls out and the three little ones resting not far from him immediately open their eyes.

“We’re off, heading outside the city!”

“Listen, I say…”

“No one should, at least one should not…”

“Have such bad luck, right?”

In a cave somewhere outside the city on a hillside, Liu Gu wipes his dirty face, his expression filled with bitter resentment.

He slowly sticks his head out of the cave and after seeing a large number of Wild Super Creatures pacing back and forth, his head retracts like if it was electrocuted.

“Stop peeking.” Zhang Yun, who sat further inside the cave, takes a sip of water from his waterskin and says, “Although our position is hidden, there might be a Transcendent Being with extremely keen eyesight noticing us.”

“Liu Xue’s Psychic Rat is responsible for reconnaissance, and that is enough.

“I know.” Liu Gu scratches his head, “But if I can’t see it for myself, I always

feel ill at ease.”

“Calm down a little.” Zhang Yun shakes his head helplessly, then looks towards

Du Heng, “Du Heng, how much food do we have left?”

“It’s all here.” Du Heng pats a large bag next to him, “We still have a lot of our own food, but there’s not much left for the Pet Beasts.”

“Still unprepared.” Zhang Yun sighs deeply.

“Increasing the load will slow us down, it’s fine to carry a week’s worth of ? food.” Yan Fan slowly said, “No one could have predicted such an accident.”

Just as Xu Ran guessed, the Tiger Hunting Squad that set out together had indeed encountered an accident.

Three days ago, they found a rather valuable resource in the depths of this cave.

They happily gathered it together.

However, when they were ready to leave the cave and head for the next location, the members of the Tiger Hunting Squad were dumbfounded to find that in the time they spent gathering resources, a large number of Super Creatures had appeared outside the cave.

This group was large enough to form a small Beast Tide.

The good news was, the Super Creatures were not targeting them and weren’t even aware of their presence. They just needed to wait for the creatures to leave, then they could leave the cave.

The bad news was, they never left.

Three days!

Do you know how they’ve survived these three days?!

In the areas outside the city where they completely lost signal, they were trapped by a group of Super Creatures in a small cave, forced to wait for them to disperse.

“Do you think…” Liu Gu couldn’t help but glance again at the cave opening, but he didn’t dare to stick his head out again, “Where did those Super Creatures come from anyway?”

“I noticed a few species we’ve never seen before.”

“Who knows.” Liu Xue retorts, “The areas beyond Qingzhou City are not entirely explored yet. These areas are the gathering places of the Wild Super Creatures, anything can happen.”

“I just want to know when they’ll leave!” She expresses her annoyance, “Going beyond the time limit without returning will surely make our families anxious.”

A moment of silence fills the cave.

At the reminder of Liu Xue, they all thought of this, each of their faces showing some helplessness.

If they do not leave, the Tiger Hunting Squad members really do not dare to go

out.

At this moment they were fortunate, those beasts were not paying attention, nor had they noticed these few humans.

Once they go out, they would most certainly be detected.

And once detected…

In the face of so many Super Creatures attacking, their fate was predictable.

Suddenly, Liu Xue’s expression turned from disappointment to seriousness. @@novelbin@@

“Quiet, conceal your presence!” Liu Xue whispers.

Another crisis?

The expressions of the other four members of the Tiger Hunting Squad subtly changed as they quickly concealed their aura with their pet beasts, making every effort to not make the slightest sound.

Such situations had occurred several times over the past three days.

There were always Transcendent Beings active outside the cave that, due to various coincidences, approached the cave.

Whenever this happened, it would be the most nerve-racking moment for the members of the Tiger Hunting Squad.

The previous times, they were somewhat lucky. Each time, those Transcendent Beings did not reach the cave, but rather paused midway and retreated, preventing their exposure.

But this time…

As every second passed, the increasingly somber expression on Liu Xue’s face caused the other four members of the Tiger Hunting Squad to tighten their lips, remaining utterly silent while their hearts gradually sank.

It seemed that the approaching Transcendent Being this time did not retreat midway.

“Sigh-” After a while, Liu Xue’s muted voice echoed through the cave, “It has discovered the cave and is coming.”

At this point, being exposed was inevitable; there was no further need to remain quiet.

“Attack!” Liu Gu gritted his teeth, “Dog, kill with all your might!

“Woof!”

The Wind Lion Dog’s green eyes quickly became piercing. Its muscles tensed as it fixed its gaze on the entrance of the cave, its long fur standing on end, making its already large body appear even larger.

In the next instant, a Transcendent Being curiously poked its head out from the cave entrance.

Before it had a chance to take in the situation in the cave, the Wind Lion Dog, having gathered its momentum, tore it to shreds with a brutal claw attack, killing it on the spot.

This commotion naturally caught the attention of the other Transcendent Beings.

Just in a blink of an eye, several pairs of eyes turned toward their direction.

The members of the Tiger Hunting Squad, targeted by countless hostile intents, broke into a cold sweat instantly.

“Break out!” Zhang Yun growled, “Don’t be living targets in the cave!”

The other four responded in unison, leading their respective pet beasts out of the cave, boldly presenting themselves before the group of Transcendent

Beings.

“Old Du, don’t summon your Armored Rhinoceros.” As he gazed at the rushing, intimidating horde of beasts, Zhang Yun drew a deep breath, a resolute look filled his eyes. He patted Du Heng’s shoulder, “Stand behind us.”

“In the past, you were always the one responsible for the squad’s defense.”

“Now, it’s our turn to protect you!”

“Captain!” said Du Heng, his eyes welling up, “Meeting you all is the greatest fortune of my life.”

“Ha ha ha!” Liu Gu laughed heartily, directing the Wind Lion Dog to rip an approaching Elite Stage Transcendent Being into pieces with a single claw, “Being able to meet you guys is also my great fortune!”

Yan Fan, commanding the Three-armed Demon Ape that had activated Blood Fury, unleashed an unparalleled force that smashed the skull of a Transcendent Being amid a shrill sonic boom. His eyes then reddened as he bellowed, “Same for me too!”

“And me!” Liu Xue shouted, the Psychic Rat and Sky Falcon each unleashed their full strength; despite being better at scouting, their combined efforts still managed to take down a Transcendent Being.

However, in the face of thousands of Transcendent Beings, the attack of the Tiger Hunting Squad seemed insignificant.

Faced with an enclosing horde of beasts rushing to attack, a look of despair ultimately surfaced in the eyes of the quickly exhausting group.

“Meow ”

An elongated, dignified voice suddenly rang out from a distance at that moment.

From within the figure that was almost like a black streak of light, an invisible suppression swept across the surroundings.

Three-star skill, Waning Moon Level-King’s Power!

The awe-inspiring presence of the Leader Stage suddenly exploded. Just like a bright moon compared to fireflies in this Elite Stage area, the inherent suppression of the King Species against all the Leader Species is a suppression on the life level.

The originally aggressive horde of beasts suddenly lost their composure, each revealing a doubtful expression, wanting to turn their heads to look in the direction where the King’s Power was spreading from.

However, they couldn’t even manage these simple movements anymore.

An enormous sea of thunder descended out of thin air!

The terrifying lightning, as if having intellect, found each of the Transcendent Beings that had attacked the Tiger Hunting Squad.

Three-star skill, Full Moon Level-Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound!

The second chapter is estimated to be after midnight.