Chapter 229 - 149 After Reduction Of Star

Chapter 229: Chapter 149 After Reduction of Star

Rising…” 1

Translator: 549690339 I

“Meow…” (Dragon Power, huh…)

Looking at the teachable skills on Little Black’s evolution panel, Ziyun couldn’t help but fall into deep thought.

When they’d first gotten this skill, Xu Ran had mentioned to them that he had acquired it, but since it wasn’t a good fit, he wouldn’t put it on their allocation

But now, this skill had appeared on the list.

It could only mean one thing – Cancan could learn this skill.

Dragon Power was a skill used by Dragon Pet Beasts, and from the race name of the Panlong Turtle, you could tell that it had a close relationship with the dragon race.

From this perspective, Cancan seemed to have potential in evolving into Panlong Turtle, at least not any less than evolving into the dual attribute Xuan Ming Turtle.

In the end, Ziyun turned his gaze towards Xu Ran. @@novelbin@@

“Meow?” (Xu Ran, what do you think?)

Star and Cancan also turned their gazes over.

When in doubt, ask the Beast Master.

“What do I think…” Xu Ran wore a thoughtful expression. For Xuan Ming Turtle, it was hard for him not to think of Xuanwu from the myths and legends of his previous life.

As for Panlong Turtle, it reminded him of Baxia, also from myths and legends of his previous life.

Could these two evolution paths correspond to those mythical creatures?

Xu Ran wasn’t quite sure about this.

After all, such myths and legends did not exist in this world.

But to make this decision, he probably had to refer to those legendary creatures from his previous life.

Xuanwu was mainly associated with water. If Cancan evolves in this direction his earth attribute power would inevitably be dispersed, maybe even leaning ’ more towards the water attribute later.

Looking at his current skill system, Cancan focused on the earth attribute combining attack, defense, and augmentation all in one, which was quite ’ comprehensive.

The added water attribute would certainly make Cancan less likely to be countered, but it’s hard for Xu Ran to say whether this will have a good or bad effect on his skills.

At least, the water attribute wasn’t that strong in terms of defense. However, if he evolves into Panlong Turtle, there would be no problem of attribute dispersion.

The word “Pan” reminded Xu Ran of “rock”. If this was the name of the race after evolution, it meant that the new race would surely excel in defense.

This was Cancan’s current advantage and something missing from the team. Moreover, the word “Dragon” in “Panlong Turtle” was also quite tempting for Xu Ran.

Setting everything else aside, who wouldn’t want to ride on the back of a dragon?

That’s a dragon!

Xu Ran took a deep breath, finally making the decision.

“Panlong Turtle.”

“Charming!” (That’s it then!)

ForCan

^

an

suffering from difficulty in making a choice, this moment was just too wonderful.?????????????????????????????

1

He agreed with Xu Ran’s proposal without hesitation.

And since Cancan had agreed, naturally Ziyun and Star would have no objections.

Once decided, Xu Ran didn’t hesitate to choose the evolution path of the Panlong Turtle.

While the other evolution paths gradually faded away, more detailed information about this evolution path appeared before him.

[Evolution Path: Golden Scale Turtle (Earth) _ Panlong Turtle (Earth)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: *****

Evolution Conditions:

Golden Scale Turtle has not broken through Leadership Stage t m

1

1

3

?”

1 SkiUS

°

f G

°

lden SMle TUrtle haVe been upgraded t0 Thre

e stars Skills before the evolution

AU Three star Skills have reached Waning Moon Level proficiency Evolution Material: Earth Attribute General Stage Dragon Blood (Main Material), Earth Attribute King Stage Dragon Blood Essence (Main Material) Shattered Rock Marrow (Main Material), Earth Vein Bones, Life Dewdrop ’ Transcendence Flower.

F

’

(If main material is missing, evolution is bound to fail. If auxiliary materials are missing, the success rate of evolution decreases)

Evolution Ritual: Find an Earth attribute dragon carcass buried deep in the earth, comprehend the Dragon’s breath, and complete the evolution.] “Hey…”

Looking at the evolution conditions, the corner of Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

The first evolution condition matched the evolution paths of Ziyun and Star previously. The condition being that the pet beast could not break through the Leadership Stage before the evolution.

If there is no error, this might be a key point to increase the success rate of evolving from Leader Species to King Species.

The later evolution conditions were quite a handful.

All of its own talent skills needed to be upgraded to Three stars, besides mastering a Dragon-exclusive skill and upgrading it to Three stars, and then all the Three-Star skills had to reach the proficiency of Waning Moon Level.

So… Cancan needed to have six Waning Moon Level Three-Star Skills when he evolved?

Xu Ran looked at Cancan and his expression turned strange.

Ziyun had four, Star had five, Cancan had six.

The next pet beast wouldn’t need seven, would it?

Xu Ran had never heard of the Dragon-exclusive skill mentioned in the evolution conditions, but it wasn’t hard to figure out what that meant.

His gaze inevitably fell on Dragon Power.

It couldn’t be found on the exchange list of the recycling function, and only Dragon Pet Beasts could master it. Without a doubt, it met the requirement.

To teach Dragon Power to Cancan, and then upgrade all his skills to Three stars…

Xu Ran stroked his chin.

In this case, apart from the single-star Reduction Skill, Cancan’s other five skills seemed to be strong Two stars Skills, right?

As long as he fused one Two stars skill, he could reach Three Stars?

Looking at it this way, although the skill requirements were higher than Ziyun’s and Star’s, the difficulty of achieving them might actually be the lowest.

No wonder it was Four Stars. The previous Fetal Breath Orb had really helped a

Next, Xu Ran looked at the evolution materials under the evolution conditions. They seemed to be not so easy to collect.

One portion of Earth attribute General Stage Dragon blood.