Chapter 224 - 146 Cancan'S Math Class_2

Chapter 224: Chapter 146 Cancan’s Math Class_2

Translator: 549690339

However, the content of it, infuriated Gu Wu.

“These idiots are absolutely stupid.” He, who was usually good tempered, was rare to be irritated, pointed at the letter cursing, “Change the exchange into a contest among the young generation?”

“Damn it!”

“The resources of the Second Level towns are simply not comparable to the Third Level towns. The young Beast Masters there can access higher-level resources and they are much stronger than the Beast Masters of the Third Level towns. Is this a contest? This is clearly bullying!”

“It was supposed to be a chance for everyone to discuss how to form an alliance against the Wild Super Creatures, I don’t think there’s any need to talk about this alliance once the game ends!” Gu Wu snorted, “I don’t believe this decision was made by Chairman Fang.”

In front of Gu Wu sat an old man with white hair. He was tall and muscular, like an iron tower, and even seated, he exuded significant pressure.

Having patiently listened to Gu Wu’s complaints, the old man spoke in a gentle voice that did not match his frame.

“Actually… I’m not surprised that Chairman Fang of Xieyun City made such a decision.”

” President He, don’ t beat around the bush.” Gu Wu shook his head helplessly.

“You, even though you are powerful, are still inexperienced.” President He spoke with a chuckle, not at all irritated by the contents of the letter.

This was He Nian, the city lord of Qingzhou City, president of the Qingzhou City’s Beast Master Association, and the only General Level Beast Master in Qingzhou City before Gu Wu arrived.

“In an alliance, there must be a leader, and power cannot be disbursed.” He Nian spread out his hands, “Do you think Chairman Fang will surrender his decision-making power to others?”

“Of course not.” Gu Wu shook his head, “But as the only General Level Beast Master in the Second Level town attending this exchange event, isn’t it natural for him to have the final say?”

“True enough, but…” He Nian paused for a moment, “While ruling with power is easy, if he wants other cities to follow him, he needs to demonstrate his strength in other areas too.”

“Young Beast Masters represent future power.” He Nian laughed, “From their present strengths, the differences between Second Level towns and Third Level towns becomes evident.”

“If I were Fang, I would do the same.”

“Good that you can see it that way.” Gu Wu rolled his eyes, “But our young Beast Masters who are sent there will surely be under a lot of pressure.”

Having spent some time in Xieyun City, he knew all too well how formidable the young Beast Masters there were.

And among the Beast Masters being sent this time, one was his daughter.

Could he not be angry?

“Take it easy.” He Nian laughed, “I believe that at this moment, the cities that received the message, besides wanting to test Xieyun City’s strength in the competition, are also looking to gauge the strength of the other Third Level towns.”

“Among the Third Level towns, there are some stronger and some weaker. We Qingzhou City only have General Level Beast Masters, not King Level Beast Masters, and are considered weaker among the Third Level towns.”

“If we can beat stronger Third Level towns in a competition, won’t we gain more say in the future alliances? Isn’t that profit?”

” I heard from you a while back that a young man named Xu Ran has successfully evolved his pet beast?” He Nian chuckled, “I refuse to believe that the other cities can boast the same.”

“You see, isn’t that our advantage?”

“Sigh, you don’t know.” Gu Wu sighed lightly, looking at the optimistic He Nian, “Outside of Xieyun City, there’s a peculiar resource spot.”

“There is a special resource there called Heavenly Spirit Stone which can hasten the meditation of Beast Masters by a certain extent.”

“The age limit for Beast Masters in this exchange is 25. If one awakens at 15 years old and factors in the accelerating effects of the Heavenly Spirit Stone, there’s a large chance of achieving Third Stage contract power.” Gu Wu’s voice grew more serious.

“So, Xieyun City’s choice must be Leadership Level Beast Masters.”

“The other cities don’t have these conditions, how can they compete?”

“Xu Ran indeed evolved a pet beast successfully, but the disparity in early growth stages isn’t something that evolution can fix.”

“And in Xieyun City, there’s no lack of Beast Masters who successfully evolved…”

“Look, you’re comparing with those people from Xieyun City again.” He Nian didn’t seem discouraged by Gu Wu’s words, instead, he laughed as he waved off Gu Wu’s comments, “Think bigger, don’t see the Beast Masters from Xieyun City as your competition.”

“We should focus on defeating the Beast Masters from the other cities.”

“Instead of draining ourselves, we should drain others.”

“Okay then.” Gu Wu nodded reluctantly, seemingly accepting He Nian’s proposal.

He knocked on the letter on the table, “The event’s date has been brought forward by a few days. Allowing for travel time, we may have to set off in a week.”

“Outside the city, there’sno problem, right?” GuWu’swords slightly paused,

“I hear rumors that there have been some disturbances outside the town recently, seemingly abnormal activity.”

“Just a minor issue.” A gleam flickered in He Nian’s eyes, “A Beast King has lost its child near Qingzhou City.”

Gu Wu: “… You call this a minor issue?!”

“No worries.” He Nian chuckled, “There are only six Beast Kings in the 97th Beast Field, and President Zhao of Changshi City is keeping an eye on them, they dare not move.”

“At most, it would arrange some subordinates to look for its child. Qingzhou City might be even be more peaceful because of this.”

“What a pity-” He Nian stretched his body lazily, “I wonder what the Beast King’s child looks like. If we could trick it into forming a contract with one of us…”

Gu Wu silently stood up, “I’m going to inform the young Beast Masters on the departure list.”

This old man, who speaks without any filter, frightens him.

Contracting a Beast King’s baby.

If the Beast King got angry, the whole Qingzhou City would be flattened.

“Too young, too timid.” WhenGu Wu left the conference room, He Nian, who was alone in the conference room, chuckled, raising his hand to touch the hideous scar on his face.

As if thinking of something amusing, He Nian’s laughter grew deeper.

“That kid is interesting, he managed to hatch the egg so quickly.”

“We’re leaving in seven days?”

Looking at Gu Wu standing in front of him, a look of surprise crossed Xu Ran’s face.

“Yes.” Gu Wu nodded slightly, “It takes a day to get there, and after we arrive, the event will probably last three to four days.”

“Your shop has many clients, and there are also fostered pet beasts, it’s best to prepare in advance.”

“Thankyou for the reminder, Senior Gu.” Xu Ran nodded earnestly.@@novelbin@@

If it were before, he would have been worried about leaving for such a long time, wondering what to do with the fostered pet beasts in his store.

Now, with Tony here, he doesn’t have to worry about this issue anymore.

The shop can suspend business for these days, and let Tony feed the fostered pet beasts.

“Also…” Gu Wu glanced at Xu Ran, hesitated for a moment, but decided to tell the truth, “In fact, there have been some changes in the format of this exchange event…”

He briefly mentioned the change of the exchange to a competition, “In short, you may need to face a Leadership Level Beast Master, and his pet beast might have also completed its evolution.”

“If you don’t want to go, there’s still time.”

He had a good impression of this junior, worried that if Xu Ran were to be discouraged by the Beast Masters of Xieyun City, it could affect his future development.

“So there’s such a twist…”

Xu Ran stroked his chin, his face becoming serious.

After exchanging the last set of resources in Xieyun City, Star will be able to evolve and break through the Leadership Stage.

Cancan… Never mind. Better not to bring that up.

With this, he might fare slightly worse compared to the Beast Masters of Xieyun City.

As expected of a big city, to have such powerful opponents, so…

“If I beat the Beast Masters of Xieyun City in a contest, is there any reward?”

“Yes! Win once and choose a Marshal Level resource of your choice.” Gu Wu casually answered, then paused, looking at Xu Ran, “You…what are you…”

“Actually…” Xu Ran revealed a shy smile, “A couple of days ago…”

“My contract power, happened to break through to the third stage.”

GuWu: “…What?”