Chapter 220 - 144 The Power Of A Single Sword_2

Chapter 220: Chapter 144 The Power of a Single Sword_2

Translator: 549690339

“Glug???? ”

Silver Moon Head Wolf, don’t be stubbornly ignorant!

Off halfway up the hill, the Night Flame Crow let out an enraged squawk. Fury flickered in its eyes, and its aura exploded, rendering the pitch-black night even more profound.

This stubborn fiend!

The Beast Kings at present had no time to attend to this side. They, as the strongest three Transcendent Beings in the near area, could carefully coordinate to divide the beast emperor’s corpse as long as they remained cautious.

It was the Beast Emperor! Even the six Beast Kings that inhabited the core area of this Beast Field needed to look up to it, a powerful being!

Even if they only got part of its corpse, which was void of its powerful energy, that would still be enough to help the three of them to realize an evolution that only one in ten could survive.

But this cursed creature was insistent on blocking them and reporting the Beast Emperor’s Corpse to the Beast Kings.

“Hiss???? ”

We join forces, and kill it first!

The Dark Corrosion Snake, the first to propose the collaboration, was beside itself with anger. Its eyes were filled with fierce murderous intent. The erect head swaying slightly and the tense body skimming the ground, the dark green power spread all around under the cover of the dark and the vegetation wilted rapidly wherever it passed.

Sensing that the two super creatures were beginning to join forces, the Silver Moon Head Wolf showed no compromise in its eyes.

It was very clear that its two old neighbours had fallen into greed and madness, losing the rationality they should have possessed.

Wild Transcendent Beings had not entirely abandoned organisation and discipline.

They had divided themselves into different beast territories according to different regions, and each beast territory was again divided into various areas. The hierarchical order within them was very rigid, and their organisation was highly strong.

Sharing the corpse of the Beast Emperor with these two would most likely leave it with no gains, but instead drag it into the mess, and torn into pieces by the wrathful Beast Kings when the matter was exposed.

Reporting the matter and getting rewards was the safest way to go.

It had survived to the present, all because of this cautiousness.

This time, it was no different.

“Howl???? ”

The Silver Moon Head Wolf let out a deep howl, not at the two “old neighbours” before it, but speaking to the companions that had followed it.

Don’t fight them. Let’s go.

As the words fell, the Silver Moon Head Wolf turned to leave.

As a fighting attribute, it moved faster than these two. If it insisted on going, they could not catch up to it.

The Dark Corrosion Snake and the Night Flame Crow glanced at each other, their murderous intents intensifying.

Running away?

If the Silver Moon Head Wolf reported to their superiors, they would not escape punishment.

At this moment, the two Super Creatures reached a consensus.

Kill the Silver Moon Head Wolf!

Just as they were about to make a move, a noise from halfway up the hill reached them.

The Dark Corrosion Snake, the Night Flame Crow, and the Silver Moon Head Wolf, who was preparing to leave, all stopped and turned their heads to look.

On the rock wall at the foot of the hill, there appeared a cave entrance abruptly.

A man with his three pets, all bearing ample spoils, came out of the cave and appeared before the three Super Creatures.

“Ah, this…” Looking at the three wild Super Creatures outside the cave with their strong aura and then at the Thunder Clouds that had dissipated above, Xu Ran’s mouth twitched.

Of course, there was no Giant Beast Corpse and hence the anomaly had naturally vanished.

It was normal for the Super Creatures in the vicinity to notice the change and come to check.

“Let’s go.”

Xu Ran, who was in a good mood, had no interest in doing anything harsh. He climbed onto Star, took Ziyun and Cancan with him, and ignored the changing looks of the three Super Creatures as he turned to go back the same way they came.

And the three wild Super Creatures had their eyes all straightly fixed on that little bead Ziyun was holding in its mouth.

Too familiar.

The aura inside was too familiar to them!

The three Super Creatures that lived around and guarded this hill all their lives were too familiar with the aura of that fallen Beast Emperor!

At this moment, the Dark Corrosion Snake and the Night Flame Crow had their eyes turn bloody red.

They had been guarding it for so long, only for someone else to pick the peach?

And that too, a damned human being!

“Hiss???? ”

“Glug???? ”

The two Super Creatures let out a roar together and then made the exact same move, swooping towards the direction where Xu Ran was.

Having focussed all their attention on the Thunder Bead filled with massive energy, they did not even notice the aura of the Leadership Stage around Ziyun.

The Silver Moon Head Wolf on the other side had surprise and astonishment flash in its eyes.

Its gaze left the Thunder Bead and landed on Ziyun.

The sufficiently calm creature realized something and swiftly stopped the eager members of its tribe.

The next moment, facing the two transcendent beings that proactively attacked, Xu Ran let out a sigh, held back Ziyun, who wanted to make a move, and then pulled out the long sword from his back. “I’m in a good mood today, I really didn’t want to make things difficult for you guys.”

“We all have our own troubles…” @@novelbin@@

Xu Ran cast his long sword into the void and retracted it.

“But you, you’re a little ungrateful.”

As his words fell, the structure of the Dark Erosion Serpent was abruptly split into two at the seven-inch mark under the night sky. The black flames burning around the Night Flame Crow vanished in an instant. It had been sliced into two, its featherless blackbody heavily falling on the ground.

Two wild Transcendent Beings that had lurked nearby for many years, with strength surpassing ordinary Elite Stage beings, were offered as sacrifices for Xu Ran’s first sword practice.

” Indeed, this sword is good.”

Wrapping the sword in a cloth again, Xu Ran nodded with satisfaction.

The sword technique he understood was inherent in this sword, and when he wielded it, the result was more than the sum of its parts.

Xu Ran could feel that with every use, the long sword helped him understand the sword techniques better. He might even be able to reach the level of that powerful person one day.

Combined with the power fused with the stars under the guidance of Fated Star Pulling…

He cut down those two seemingly powerful Elite Stage Transcendent Beings as if they were mere chickens.

He thought that having a star to avoid becoming the weak link in the team and dragging the pet beasts down was already the best outcome.

After all, the star had no offensive capabilities, nor did he have any when linked to the star. He could only help out a bit and cheer them on.

Unexpectedly, the long sword made up for this flaw.

“You don’t want to make a move too, do you?” Leaving the long sword on his back, Xu Ran looked at the Silver Moon Head Wolf, that had not come forward from the beginning.

Without saying a second word, the Head Wolf led its tribe and disappeared, leaving only a series of afterimages. Xu Ran was taken aback by its decisive actions.

It seemed that not all wild Transcendent Beings were mindless.

“Meow-” (“Apity.”)

Ziyun, cradled in Xu Ran’s arms, sadly shook its head.

Xu Ran had already put away his sword. If that guy dared to make a move, he would definitely hand it over to Ziyun. Unfortunately, that guy ran away.

It lost an opportunity to make a move…

“You want to make a move, it’s that simple, right?” Seeing the little guy’s intentions, Xu Ran gave a wry smile, “The two I just killed and that wolf were probably the strongest around here.”

“Now that the two are dead, finding where they lived, you should be able to gain a lot. You and Cancan can handle the ones along the way.”

“Charming?” (“And me?”)

Cancan, who was faithfully lying under Ziyun, turned his head in surprise at Xu Ran’s words.

“Apart from sparring with Ziyun, you haven’t really fought with Transcendent Beings of the same stage yet. This is a rare opportunity.” Xu Ran nodded. “Charming!” (“Let’s charge!”)

Cancan got excited all of a sudden.

Could it also start effortlessly defeating opponents now?

“You’re still weak, start by working on your defense.”

Oh, being beaten up, okay, no problem.

Xu Ran laughed, his eyes quickly turned pitch black, with the chain pattern spinning, he had a clear view of everything around him.

Suddenly, Xu Ran located the nests of the Dark Erosion Serpent and the Night Flame Crow.

“Let’s go, we’re going on a raid!”

Although he said that Cancan would be working on defense, it wasn’t just about being beaten.

After all, Cancan also had attack skills.

With Ziyun’s protection and Star’s power boost, Cancan recovered to its original body size and bulldozed its way through, getting a strong taste of feeling powerful.

And the ones it couldn’t handle were neatly and decisively dealt with by Ziyun.

By the time the team of one person and three pets had finished scouring the nest of Dark Erosion Serpent and were heading straight to the nest of the Night Flame Crow, the Transcendent Beings they encountered along the way didn’t dare to stand in their way and scattered like birds and beasts.

However, once they entered the nest of the Night Flame Crow, Xu Ran’s mood plummeted.

“What is this…” Looking at the fragmented human bones piled up in a corner of the nest, Xu Ran felt quite uncomfortable, even though he wasn’t particularly sympathetic.

“The Night Flame Crowls dead. Consider it as me taking revenge for you all,” Xu Ran sighed, “Rest in peace.”

Ziyun suddenly saw something, it sprang out from Xu Ran’s arms and quickly retrieved a photo pendant from the corner of the pile of corpses and placed it in Xu Ran’s hand.

The pendant was already broken, the photo inside was a bit yellowed, but still clear.

An unfamiliar man, with the Furious Battle Cat standing behind him.

Xu Ran’s eyes widened slightly.

Was that… Boss Cat?

Failed to adjust the schedule, will continue tomorrow evening.