Chapter 221 - 145: Boss Cat’S Bread L

Chapter 221: Chapter 145: Boss Cat’s Bread l

Translator: 549690339 |

“Boss Cat…”

Looking at the photo on the medallion, Xu Ran fell into silence for a moment.

He had thoroughly washed and cared for Boss Cat, so he was familiar with the cat’s features.

Even amongst other Furious Battle Cats, the differences between individuals were significant.

So, he was certain that this Furious Battle Cat was indeed Boss Cat.

Then, the identity of the strange man standing in front of it also seemed clear.

He must be the Beast Master of Boss Cat who had fallen.

Xu Ran did not actively seek information about Boss Cat’s former Beast Master, but he learned some details through fragmented information occasionally mentioned by Zhang Heyear.

Boss Cat’s Beast Master was not a Leadership Level Beast Master, but an Elite Level one.

Before losing his Beast Master, Boss Cat had been at the peak of the Elite Level for a long time, but he could not break through due to the limit of the Second Stage Contract Power.

During a mission outside the city walls, Boss Cat’s Beast Master and several other members from the Association encountered a sudden Beast Tide attack.

To cover his comrades, he threw himself into the battle but eventually perished.

Another beast that was contractually entwined with him also fell, but Boss Cat, whom he had contracted earlier with, survived.

This was not because Boss Cat was cowardly or feared death, but because his Beast Master deliberately did so.

At the moment of the Beast Master’s fall, Boss Cat broke free of its shackles, broke through to the Leadership Level instantly, releasing even greater power, tearing a gap in the Beast Tide and helped the other Beast Masters escape alive.

One of these Beast Masters was Zhang Heyear.

From then on, Boss Cat, having lost its Beast Master, wandered alone in Qingzhou City and became the Boss of the stray Pet Beasts in the city.

Boss Cat’s greatest regret was not being able to retrieve the body of his Beast Master amidst the chaos of the Beast Tide.

And now, it seemed that Xu Ran had inadvertently found it.

Looking deep at the indistinguishable pile of corpses before him, Xu Ran knew that it was impossible to bring the body of Boss Cat’s Beast Master back.

But at least, he could do what was within his power.

“Cancan, dig a hole, let’s bury them together.” @@novelbin@@

“Sure (Understood!)

Although he did not understand what the medallion in Xu Ran’s hand meant, the sight before his eyes had dealt a significant blow to Cancan, who was newly born, and his mood plummeted significantly.

He dutifully nodded his head, then took a swipe at the earth with his paw.

The majestic Earth attribute Power surged, the earth swiftly dipped, just like a bowl holding the pile of corpses, then the soil on the edges quickly spread towards the center, completely covering the mound of bodies under the earth.

As an Earth attribute Pet Beast, this task was too simple for Cancan.

“You two look for anything useful, after we leave, we should return to the city.” Xu Ran carefully wiped the photo medallion with the corner of his clothes and spoke quietly.

“Meow-” (I’llgo.)

Ziyun’s mood had also dampened due to the recent events. He disappeared in a blink, taking away whatever he considered valuable at the fastest speed, and returned to Xu Ran’s side after a few breaths.

“Let’s go back.” Xu Ran mounted Star’s broad shoulders, holding Ziyun and Cancan, and quietly vanished into the dark night.

“Chirp-”

Elsewhere outside the city, a fluffy creature the size of a soccer ball was waddling along.

Its pure white feathers shimmered in the moonlight, and its small wings, which seemed disproportionate to its size, occasionally flapped, helping it jump between rocks more easily.

After some effort, it finally managed to perch atop a pile of rubble.

Its eyes, bright as the ocean and still so clear even in the darkness, gleamed with a humanistic sense of satisfaction.

With just a little trick, it made those despicable creatures who wanted to catch it run in circles!

It slightly raised its paws and looked towards a city in the distance.

So, is that the place where human Beast Masters live?

Dad always said humans are dangerous, but it didn’t believe him!

Let’s go see!

“Roar!!”

A roar interrupted its thoughts.

It turned its head and quickly spotted a red male lion, ten meters long, far more powerful than the regular Elite Level creatures, rushing towards it with a panicky look in its eyes.

Recognizing this familiar creature, a hint of annoyance and impatience surfaced within the eyes of the small creature.

“Chirp-”

A clear chirping sound pierced the deep night. Its sapphire blue eyes shone brightly in the darkness and stared at the charging wild transcendent creature.

“Boom!!!”

The powerful transcendent creature that was sprinting a second ago was lying on the ground the next, its expression one of ecstasy, its breath even, as if it had fallen into a beautiful dream.

The small creature bobbed its round head in satisfaction.

It was the only genius in its tribe who had reached full moon level proficiency at the elite level.

Trying to catch it? Don’t even think about it!

Cheering under the moonlight, the small creature fluttered down from the highest point of the rubble pile using its chubby little wings and swaggered towards the city it had seen earlier.

“You stay in the shop and wait for me, I’ll be right back.”

As dawn broke, Xu Ran entered Qingzhou City against the tide of people leaving the city. After exchanging the resources he had collected from the two powerful Elite Level creatures at the Beast Master Association and earning a decent amount of Beast Master Points, he reminded the three little ones to wait in the shop after he returned.