Chapter 225 - 147: Lucky Liu Not Coming? I’Ll Take The Initiative !_1

Chapter 225: Chapter 147: Lucky Liu not coming? I’ll take the initiative !_1

Translator: 549690339

“It’s not… you…”

A look of surprise crossed Gu Wu’s face, “Are you joking with me?”

Third Stage contract power.

What does that mean?

Even a Beast Master with good talent and extreme diligence would typically need to reach middle age for a successful breakthrough, assuming there were no other unusual circumstances.

So how long did Xu Ran take?

Gu Wu rubbed his temple, his expression filled with doubt about the world.

If he remembered correctly, Xu Ran’s victory over his daughter and the winning of the New Beast Master Challenge Match was only two months ago, right?

At that time, he only had First Stage contract power.

Even if he was already close to a breakthrough and successfully reached the second stage right after the competition, that would just mean he had only recently reached the second stage.

The transition from just having breached the second stage to now breaking through to the third stage…

Since when could the speed of growing strength be so unprecedented?!

“I accidentally found a unique resource outside the city that significantly increased my contract power.” When Xu Ran acquired the Meditation Acceleration Card, he had already thought about how to explain his freakishly fast meditation speed if someone noticed it.

“I fully absorbed that resource and as a result, quickly broke through to the third stage.” Xu Ran chuckled, “You could say it’s a matter of luck, right?” Merely a matter of luck?

Gu Wu looked strangely at Xu Ran.

I don’t like prying into other people’s secrets, but don’t take me for a fool!

As for the resource Xu Ran mentioned, Gu Wu believed it.

Otherwise, he couldn’t explain his absurd speed of practice, and in Xieyun City, there are special resources like the Heavenly Spirit Stone which accelerated meditation. So, it’s not entirely impossible for other places to have resources that directly enhance contract power.

But…

As for him “coincidentally” finding it outside the city, Gu Wu didn’t believe a single word.

Thinking of the mysterious Starfire Foster Shop, Gu Wu had made some guesses.

“Alright.” He didn’t continue on this topic, but instead asked with concern, “After breaking through to the third stage of contract power, have you found a suitable third pet beast?”

“If not, I can help you find a high-potential Leadership Stage Pet Beast.”

“No need to trouble you, Senior Gu. I’ve already contracted my third pet beast.” Xu Ran smiled, “It was hatched from the beast egg I won in the last Challenge Match. The hatchling is the perfect candidate to be my third pet beast.”

“Is that so…” Gu Wu’s expression turned complicated.

He also knew about the situation in the Beast Egg Library.

The beast egg that Xu Ran selected wouldn’t be low in potential, making it a good choice for a contract.

But…

The timing is a little tight…

There’s not much time left till their spar. In this time, at most, Xu Ran could, with the help of resources, elevate the newly born pet beast to the Elite Stage. There is a slim chance of reaching the Leadership Stage.

Even if it did, if the skill proficiency wasn’t high enough, its strength wouldn’t be great either.

So, essentially, Xu Ran has only two pet beasts that can compete.

And one of them seems to be a support type…

The excitement that arose from learning that Xu Ran had broken through to the third stage of contract power began to cool down as Gu Wu analyzed.

The hope of surpassing Xieyun City’s Beast Masters was still bleak.

Could it really be as President He Nian said, to keep a cool mind and not to take the Beast Masters of Xieyun City as adversaries?

Gu Wu let out a slight sigh.

“The beast eggs in the library have high potential, cultivate them well.” Gu Wu patted Xu Ran on the shoulder and left, “Meet at the entrance of the Beast Master Association in seven days.”

“In seven days…” Watching Gu Wu’s retreating figure, a hint of anticipation flickered in Xu Ran’s eyes, “Finally, I’ll get to see what the other cities are like.”

“One hundred and ninety thousand pleasure points…”

Sitting in the shop, propping up his cheeks and staring at the personal panel before his eyes, Xu Ran muttered under his breath, “Uncle Liu, if you don’t come soon, I’m going to leave.”

Twenty draws!

A full twenty draws worth of pleasure points!

The foster shop business was booming. With the help of Teacher Tony, Xu Ran’s efficiency in collecting pleasure points was increasing. @@novelbin@@

A week passed, and adding the tens of thousands left over from last week’s ten consecutive draws, he had enough pleasure points for two ten consecutive draws.

He had been waiting for Liu Gu to arrive ever since he had accumulated ninety- five thousand pleasure points, enough for a ten consecutive draw.

After all, he was about to head to Xieyun City. He wanted to try a draw before leaving in hopes of boosting his strength significantly at the last moment.

But despite waiting and waiting, until he even had enough points for two ten consecutive draws, Liu Gu never came.

Thinking of the impending departure to Xieyun City tomorrow, the frustration in Xu Ran’s eyes deepened.

Do I draw by myself without riding on Lucky Fish’s mojo?

Before the system upgrade, he was willing to try his luck.

After the system upgrade, however, a single draw requires ten thousand pleasure points.

If he gets unlucky, Xu Ran would be in pain for a long time.

“Strange, the Tiger Hunting Squad’s regular cleanup mission outside the city is typically no longer than a week according to the past routine.” Xu Ran mumbled to himself, frowning slightly.

He took a look at the underground area, his frown deepening.

The Armored Rhinoceros hadn’t been summoned to leave for several days.

But its behavior was quite abnormal. For the past few days, it hadn’t been happily rolling around in its favorite mud pond. Instead, it had been restlessly pacing around in its section.

Did the Tiger Hunting Squad encounter some danger or trouble, preventing them from returning? And even if the Armored Rhinoceros goes, it can’t help much, so Du Heng chose not to summon them?