Chapter 236 - 152: Night Demon Dragon’S Single Horn, Get Daze! _2

Chapter 236: Chapter 152: Night Demon Dragon’s Single Horn, get daze! _2

Translator: 549690339

Just from this little detail, you could get a sense of the town’s grandeur.

Once inside the city, even the ordinary citizens spoke with a sense of ease and confidence that Qingzhou City lacked, leaving those who had never left Qingzhou City awe-struck.

Even Xu Ran, who had seen grandeur in his previous life, couldn’t help but marvel when he learned that the bird pet beasts carrying parcels in their claws were specialized in delivering packages and takeouts.

He had never seen such a sight before.

In a state of constant awe, Gu Wu led nine people to the hotel arranged by the Association.

“We are a little late, the timing is a bit rushed.” Gu Wu shook his head slightly, “The distance makes communication more difficult.”

“It’s seven in the morning now, and the exchange event starts at ten, so everyone quickly drop off your luggage. The food area is right downstairs where you can serve yourself.”

“We’ll meet up at the hotel lobby at nine.”

“Okay!” Everyone responded and then entered their rooms with their room cards and luggage.

“Ka!”

As soon as he closed the door and tossed his luggage onto the bed, Xu Ran sat on the sofa in the hotel room and immediately took out his cellphone to log into the Xieyun City Beast Master Association.

“Xi Lu!” (My main material!)

Star’s eyes were full of excitement.

Finally, this day has come!

Once he got the materials, he could evolve at any time!

“Meow!” (And me!)

The anticipation in Ziyun’s eyes was palpable.

All the way here, they didn’t say much, but they heard every bit of information Gu Wu had mentioned.

They still had a long way to go before they could reach those powerful beings. So, they needed to hasten their progress!

They needed to get their hands on the fighting attribute resources quickly! “Charming!” (Check if there are materials for my evolution!) Cancan was also anxious.

To have more points for exchanging what he wanted in Xieyun City, he didn’t immediately exchange the auxiliary materials available in Qingzhou City after getting the points yesterday.

After all, he would have chances to get those items later.

“Don’t worry, I need to authenticate first since I’m a foreign Beast Master.” Xu Ran gave a helpless smile, quickly completed the authentication process, and entered the points exchange page.

“Found it!” A moment later, Xu Ran’s eyes lit up, pointing to a slender, black single horn, “This is it, the single horn of a Dark Night Demon Dragon at the Marshal level. It costs only 2400 points to exchange.”

“XiLu!” (Exchange!)

Star spoke without hesitation.

“You still have 2033 points left, we can also exchange for some new resources, to be absorbed after you complete the evolution.” Xu Ran suggested.

Star had no objections to this proposal.

Although he could also exchange for Dark Attribute resources in Qingzhou City, they definitely didn’t have as many varieties or as high levels as here.

And…

“Huh? The Dark Attribute Energy Blocks only cost 9 points?”

Comparing to the resources prices he knew, Xu Ran was surprised to find that the resources here were generally cheaper than in Qingzhou City.

“Meow!” (We’re at a loss!)

Ziyun made an expression of profound regret.

If it had not used its points and saved them to exchange here.

Wouldn’t it have saved a lot?

“It’s okay, we’ll have chances in the future.”

Xu Ran patted Ziyun’s head in comfort.

Considering the tendency of his system tasks, it probably wouldn’t be long before he opened a branch here, so he won’t lose too much if he exchanged his resources here.

“Let’s exchange for this.” Soon, Xu Ran exchanged an item for Star priced at 1800 points, called “Star Refining Dark Stone”, which was a Marshal level Dark Attribute resource.

Then he exchanged for some miscellaneous resources, clearing out all of Star’s points.

“Charming!” (It’s my turn now!)

Cancan looked at Xu Ran expectantly.

“Let me see…” Xu Ran looked through all the resources for exchange and his expression gradually became strange. “Cancan…”

“Charming?” (What’s wrong?)

“The good news is that all six materials you need for evolution are here.” Xu Ran paused, “The bad news is, they’re a bit expensive. Your points can’t cover it.”

“The King Stage Blood Essence from an Earth Attribute Dragon here only costs 400 points, which is really cheap, but you can only afford this one and three auxiliary materials with your points.”

“The remaining two main materials, together, cost exactly 3000 points.” Cancan: (*Hl_1f)

Ziyun looked at Cancan’s pitiful appearance and suddenly seemed to hesitate. After pondering for a moment, it tentatively opened its mouth.

“Meow?” (What if I lend it to you?)

“Charming?!” (Really?)

Cancan’s eyes lit up in an instant.

If they could gather all the needed evolution resources in one go here… “Charming!” (Next resource allocation, I’ll repay you with 3000 Value Points!) “Meow- ” (Better get it exchanged now, before I change my mind!) Ziyun was clutching its rapidly dwindling money bag, looking pitiful, weak and helpless.

“I’m going to exchange it then!” Seeing Ziyun in such a pitiful and adorable state, Xu Ran consoled, “Don’t worry too much, didn’t Senior Gu say that defeating a Leadership Level Beast Master in a contest would be rewarded with General Stage resources?”

“We can choose Fighting Attribute ones or exchange them for Beast Master Points.”

“Meow-” (That’sright!)

Ziyun nodded its head, seeming somewhat pacified.

Its eyes gradually became sharp.

No one can stop it from getting resources!

“Alright, we’ve got all of Cancan’s evolution materials now.” Xu Ran quickly finished the exchange, then opened the exchange list for Fighting Attribute resources, “Ziyun still has 1686 points left, let’s see if there are General Stage resources of this price.”

“Charming!” (Bigsis!)

Cancan’s eyes welled up.

Hold your tongue. From now on, its loyalties lie solely with big sis!

“Meow!” (Remember to pay me back.)

Ziyun licked its paw and looked at Xu Ran’s phone with anticipation in its eyes.

Every bit counts.

“This one is pretty good,” Xu Ran quickly found a Marshal Level resource called Resonance Bead, “It can keep the wearer in a state of resonance to rapidly increase their Fighting Attribute.”

“Its price is 1600 points, just enough for an exchange.”

“Meow!” (This is the one!)

Ziyun didn’t hesitate at all.

They had already determined that the Thunder Bead quality was high, surpassing the resources of Marshal Level, so in the future, it needs to gain many Fighting Attribute Marshal Level resources to balance its growing Thunderforce.

As long as it’s Fighting Attribute, they’re all welcome!

After exchanging other various resources and clearing up the points of Ziyun and Cancan, Xu Ran satisfiedly nodded his head. “We completed our main goal for coming to Xieyun City this time”

“I’ve placed the order for resources, so now we just have to wait for the Association to deliver them.” He put down his phone, stretched his arms, “Let’s go down and see what’s good to eat.”

Mentioning food, all three little ones looked up with anticipation in their eyes. “Meow!” (I’mhungry!)

“XiLu!” (Let’s go!)

“Charming!” (Eat, eat, eat!)

The human and his three pets quickly packed up their belongings and rushed downstairs.

As soon as they got to the dining area, they saw two familiar figures.

Xu Jiujiu was voraciously eating a drumstick, her lips smeared with grease, and she was busy chewing with her puffed-out cheeks.

Across from her sat the devoid-of-expression Lyu Guang.

Comparatively, Lyu Guang’s eating style was slightly more normal, but plates piled high around him suggested otherwise.

Next to them, the eight-meter-longbig dog was wolfing down from its food bowl. There were also Lyu Guang’s Brawl Bear Apprentice and the Vigorously Beetle, along with another pet beast that Xu Ran had not seen before.

When that grey colored pet beast lifted its head upon hearing the noise and looked over, Xu Ran couldn’t help but laugh.

Isn’t that Bro Badger!

“You’re here?” Xu Jiujiu pointed at Bro Badger with the drumstick in her hand while chewing, and asked, “This is my second pet, Rock Badger, cool, huh?” “Ga!”

Upon hearing his Beast Master mention him, the Rock Badger solemnly nodded its head.

“Hmm…” Xu Ran made a weird face, “It suits you.”

Cancan following behind couldn’t help but take an extra couple of glances, then whispered softly.

“Charming?” (Is it bald?)

The Rock Badger halted its movements.

It rapidly set its sights on Cancan, battle intent flaring in its eyes. @@novelbin@@

I, the Rock Badger, am NOT bald!

You heard it here first, we’re evolving tomorrow!