Chapter 234 - 151: Beast Field N0.97 2

Chapter 234: Chapter 151: Beast Field N0.97 2

Translator: 549690339 |

“These four are Beast Masters who were selected by the Association. They are under 25 years of age and possess relatively strong powers.”

“During the new Beast Master challenge, they already were Elite Level Beast Masters and thus could not participate. They were chosen later through an internal selection process.”

“This time, I will be taking you nine to Xieyun City to interact with other young Beast Masters from various cities. It should be a good exposure.”

Once Gu Wu finished his speech, the four exchanged courteous greetings with Xu Ran and others. Even when faced with the other four whose abilities were a notch lower than theirs, they didn’t show any contempt. When it came to Xu Ran, they portrayed more respect.

Apparently, they were already aware that Xu Ran had broken through to the Leadership Level.

Moreover, two out of these four seemed familiar to Xu Ran, most likely being customers who had visited the Foster Shop in the past.

Once the nine men were familiar with each other, Gu Wu cleared his throat,” Have you brought everything you need? Send any larger pet beasts home now and summon them when we reach Xieyun City.”

Everyone nodded in unison, indicating they were ready.

The next moment, a dazzling Hexagram Star Array appeared behind Gu Wu. Amid a sudden violent wind that swept across the whole square, a giant dragon covered in black scales, fifteen meters in length, flew out with a flap of its wings.

“Ch- ” (Still not as big as me!)

Ziyun quickly covered Cancan’s mouth who had just murmured under her breath.

My goodness, would you kindly shut up?

Looking at the Red-eyed Demon Dragon turning its head towards them, a twitch appeared on the corner of Ziyun’s mouth as she sighed.

I am so tired, it seems to be a struggle without me at home.

“Come on up.” Gu Wu glanced at Cancan with a hint of a smile in his eyes, signaling everyone to climb onto the back of the Red-eyed Demon Dragon.

A moment later, the Red-eyed Demon Dragon let out a majestic roar, revealing its powerful strength at the General Level, and took flight into the sky amidst the shocked stares of the numerous onlookers.

Even though wind-attribute strength wasn’t its forte, the Red-eyed Demon Dragon, relying on its General Level might, managed to fly out of Qingzhou City in a short span of time, appearing outside the city. Its powerful aura made the numerous transcendental beings lurking outside shrink back in awe.

“Peep-”

A plush creature covered in snow-white feathers, walking pompously in the wilderness suddenly paused.

With a puzzled look, it observed the black shadow flying out of Qingzhou City into the distance.

From what it had heard from the those lurking outside the city, this human city was named Qingzhou, and it had only two General Level Beast Masters.

So this one must be one of the two, right?

Now that he has left, then…

The little creature turned its eyes towards Qingzhou City, its azure eyes shimmering with intelligence.

What a great opportunity!

Its mission to sneak into the human city began, and it started marching towards the direction of Qingzhou City. All the wild transcendent creatures surrounding it seemed to ignore its presence, each going about their own businesses.

Suddenly, it seemed to sense something and quickly changed its direction.

A moment later, it appeared in a clearing.

In the clearing, a six-man hunting squad was surrounded by about twenty transcendent creatures. Their faces were filled with despair, obviously not expecting to escape.

“Peep-”

You guys are it!

A spark of blue within the eyes of the little creature flickered. The next moment, all the humans and transcendent creatures present heard a majestic roar.

The surrounding transcendent creatures changed their expressions and fearfully turned their heads around. Seeing something terrifying, they hurriedly fled, leaving behind the dumbfounded hunters.

“What just happened?” One of them rubbed his eyes, looking puzzled.

“Seems like there was a roar, and then these creatures were scared away…” Another Beast Master said softly, doubting his own words.

“Never mind that now!” The leader of the hunting squad, who seemed to be the captain, immediately snapped back to his senses. “We should return to the city now while we can!”

“Yes, sir!”

The others hastily packed the resources they had gathered while out of town. Then, along with their pet beasts, they made their way back to the city. “That’s strange, why does my backpack feel heavier?” One of them wore a puzzled expression. Instinctively, he wanted to check out his backpack, but his hand suddenly stopped mid-air.

Deep within his eyes shimmered a blue glow. Then, as if naturally, he withdrew his hand, “Never mind, must be my imagination.”

“Peep-”

No need to walk by myself, yay!

Comfortably lying in a backpack, swaying slightly with the humans’ walking motion, the little creature patted its round belly with its small wings, showing a satisfied expression.

Human city, here I come!

Looking back at Qingzhou City, which was gradually becoming smaller until it was no longer visible, Xu Ran, now accustomed to the high altitude, had a strange glint in his eyes.

Flying is indeed a peculiar experience.

Xu Ran had been curious about flying back when he was watching a horse race atop a Tearing Wind Hawk Lion. Now, once again riding on the back of a Red-eyed Demon Dragon, his interest had grown even greater. @@novelbin@@

Though Star could be ridden and can move very fast, its movement would still be affected by the terrain. At times, it still couldn’t compare to flying beasts. Unless Star evolves to sprout wings, becoming a Pegasus.

Hmm… that doesn’t sound too realistic.

As for Ziyun…

Even if it could fly, its stamina isn’t sufficient.

As for Cancan…

Although it is considered a dragon, Cancan clearly does not have the ability to fly and is unlikely to evolve it in the future.

Maybe… I should contract a bird pet beast for my fourth beast? The kind that can carry me flying?

Xu Ran stroked his chin, leisurely pondering the matter of his next pet beast. “Little Xu, what are you thinking about?” Gu Wu’s voice came from the side.

“Ah!” Xu Ran laughed, “Nothing much, I’m just pondering what kind of beast I should contract for the fourth spot.”

Huh?

Because, after shrinking, the three little ones who were small enough to sit on the Red-eyed Demon Dragon with Xu Ran, all pricked up their ears.

Our next companion?

Is the Beast Master already considering this?

“Oh?” Upon hearing Xu Ran say this, Gu Wu put aside what he initially intended to say, revealing an interested look. “Do you have any ideas?”

“Senior Gu, what do you think about bird pet beasts?”

“Birds…” Gu Wu pondered, “The variety of bird pet beasts are rather plentiful, and there are several prominent species among them, nearly all of them are wind attribute.”

“After all, the prototypes of bird pet beasts are various birds, soaring in the sky, they are the closest to the power of the wind attribute.” Gu Wu paused for a moment, “Of course, strong bird transcendents of other attributes do exist.” “For example, in Beast Field number 97, one of the Beast Kings is a super ability attribute bird pet beast, adept at illusions and delusions. It is known as the Nightmare Beast King.”

“Beast Field number 97? Beast King?” Xu Ran’s face showed a puzzled expression.

At this moment, the super ability attribute bird pet beast didn’t draw his attention.

The other young Beast Masters also paused their conversations and glanced towards them with curiosity.

They too were unfamiliar with these concepts.

“Hehe, if you are going to Xieyun City for an exchange, you will learn about these concepts sooner or later.” Gu Wu chuckled, “Let me explain them to you in advance.”

“Okay!”

Everyone nodded in response, ready to listen attentively.

“For those who have lived in a single city all their life, they divide the world into only two parts: inside the city and outside the city. The city is where humans reside, and the outside is filled with wild super creatures and various dangers.” Gu Wu paused slightly.

“Actually, this way of thinking is not accurate.”

“If you look at it on a larger map, each human city is like an isolated island in the ocean. The surrounding water separates adjacent islands, hindering communication and visits between them.”

“These ‘waters’ are regions that belong to the wild super creatures. They have a more specific name – Beast Fields.”

“According to the size and specific distribution of the Beast Fields, humans have numbered each of them. The smaller the number, the stronger the Beast Field.”

“The Beast Field we reside in is number 97, it contains seven 3 Level cities, Qingzhou City being just one of them.”

“And the second-level town we are going to, Xieyun City…”

“Its corresponding Beast Field is number 47.”