Chapter 237 - 153: Imperial Crown!_L

Chapter 237: Chapter 153: Imperial Crown!_l

Translator: 549690339 |

Bro Badger’s war intent wasn’t able to manifest.

Noticing the mood change in her own pet beast, Xu Jiujiu flicked a chicken bone towards the Rock Badger’s forehead.

“Just eat properly! We will be mingling soon!”

She didn’t want her naive and audacious second pet beast to pick a fight with Xu Ran’s third pet beast.

Even if they win, what’s the use? Xu Ran has a pet beast at the Leadership Stage already, if this victory doesn’t come, it would be embarrassing for her.

“Gah…”

The Rock Badger touched its forehead, it seemed very docile in front of its Beast Master. It picked up the chicken bone from the ground, took a bite, then continued to chew it into pieces. Then, it continued to eat food from its food bowl.

However, it would glance at Cancan from time to time, proving it had not forgotten the hairless comment Cancan made.

It was determined to nullify that insult one day!

Xu Ran was speechless, he took the three little ones to the buffet area, chose their food, then sat next to the two with a bowl of steaming rice noodles, “Have you ever seen Beast Masters from other cities?”

“Yes.” Lyu Guang put down his bowl and calmly said, “When Xu Jiujiu and I came, there were several Beast Masters at the buffet area. They were from a 3 Level town called Du Zhou City, they seemed powerful.”

“Du Zhou City…” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

This city isn’t the 3 Level Town in beast field 97, this was the first time he heard about it, he quietly took a mental note and began to chat with the two casually as they ate.

Shortly after, the other people from Qingzhou City arrived and sat together, beginning to familiarize themselves further with one another.

“Xu Ran, your horse-type pet beast should have reached the peak of the Elite Stage, right? Why not advance it?” Mou Mengdan curiously asked during the casual chat.

“Because it’s preparing for evolution.” Xu Ran chuckled and didn’t hide anything, “After evolution, it’s time for it to break through to the Leader Stage.”

“Evolution…” Mou Mengdan’s eyes filled with admiration, “I haven’t decided whether to let my pet beast evolve yet, after all, the risk of evolution is too high, it’s not an exaggeration to call it a life or death gamble.”

The others sitting nearby nodded in agreement.

“In larger cities, there are more formidable Beast Masters and more experience with evolution,” Gu Ling started, “The Beast Masters in Xieyun City have figured out some patterns of evolution.”

“For instance, if a pet beast of the same species evolves, the requirements for evolution materials will reduce if its growth stage is lower, so it’s more suitable to evolve when the growth stage is lower.”

“Also, evolution process requires a lot of vitality, supplementing resources that enhance vitality can effectively improve the success rate of evolution…”

Seeing everyone’s ears perked up, Gu Ling spread her arms, “These are the only general evolutionary laws I know, the rest are specific to certain species.”

“Take my Dark Scale Dragon for instance.” She didn’t hide anything either, pointing at her Dark Scale Dragon that was eating at the side, “It’s more prone to evolve into the Red-eyed Demon Dragon when it’s angry, this is a specific rule of its species.”

“These insights are already invaluable.” Cui Yongsheng smirked, “Especially that a lower growth stage makes it easier to evolve. I was intending to wait for my pet beast to reach the Leadership Stage before trying to evolve it, it seems the Elite Stage is more suitable.”

The others nodded in agreement, expressing their gratitude towards Gu Ling.

Even Xu Ran was listening attentively.

He had already figured out these rules by comparing the evolution of the three little ones. What intrigued him more was that the Dark Scale Dragon is more likely to evolve into a Red-eyed Demon Dragon when it’s angry.

This reminded him of the evolution ceremony.

Different evolution paths require different rituals, maybe this is how a specific species’ evolutionary rules manifest, only…. it was not clear to other Beast Masters yet.

Or could it be possible that corresponding knowledge exists in the more formidable first-level capitals than the second-level towns?

“They say evolution requires quite a lot of resources.” Lyu Guang glanced at Xu Ran, “Has your second pet beast prepared enough?”

“Almost.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, “I just used some Beast Master Points to exchange for some here, once the Association delivers them, it can evolve tonight.”

“What a pity,” sighed Su Xiaoxiao,” If evolution was completed earlier, Boss Xu’s strength would certainly be much stronger during the exchange.”

“Heh heh, it doesn’t matter that much.” Gu Wu’s laugh came from the side, as he walked towards them, “The exchange session lasts two days.”

After saying this, he looked at Xu Ran in astonishment, “Didn’t expect your second pet beast to evolve too.”

“Thanks to Senior Gu.” Xu Ran replied courteously with a smile.

If it wasn’t for Gu Wu taking his four General Stage Pet Beasts for training during this period, he wouldn’t have so many Beast Master Points to exchange resources.

“Thanks to me…” Gu Wu’s mouth twitched a little.

He didn’t believe Xu Ran’s pet beast’s evolution had anything to do with him.

“Alright, time’s almost up.” Gu Wu looked at the people and summoned pet beasts nearby, nodded slightly, “Let’s get ready to leave.”

The meeting place prepared by the Beast Master Association was close to the hotel, it was an outdoor field with a super large battle platform in the middle that was more than a kilometer in length and width.@@novelbin@@