Chapter 238 - 153= Imperial Crown’._2

Chapter 238: Chapter 153= Imperial Crown’._2

Translator: 549690339

This kind of platform is often seen in battles among the Leader stage. Around the platform, the seats for each city have been pre-arranged.

The seats for Qingzhou City are located in an inconspicuous corner of the

venue.

“Hmph!”

After the guide staff left, Gu Wu snorted slightly dissatisfied. “The seating arrangement probably reflects the strength of each city.”

“No problem, our Qingzhou City isn’t the last one.” Xu Jiujiu casually pointed ? to another set of seats that was even more inconspicuous. “They are worse off.

“That’s Caixia City.” Gu Wu’s mouth twitched slightly.

“Their General Level city master passed away, and a new General Level Beast Master has not emerged yet. If it wasn’t for Xieyun City sending someone over to take temporary control, they would have probably still been in a headless

state.”

After hearing Gu Wu’s words, even Xu Jiujiu fell silent.

So, other than this unfortunate city, they are the weakest?

“It doesn’t matter.” Glancing at Xu Ran, Gu Wu felt his mood improve slightly. “Others may look down on us, but let’s show them what we’ve got during the

exchange.”

“in order to encourage exchange, the Xieyun City Beast Master Association has put together quite a few nice prizes. Once we return to Qingzhou City, our Association won’t be stingy either.”

Hearing this, everyone nodded slightly; it gave them a boost of morale. “Senior Gu, what is the process for the match later?” Xu Ran proactively asked.

This was related to his earning resources and could not be neglected.

“I was just about to explain.” Gu Wu nodded, “The process is not complex. Beast Masters from each city can freely get on the stage, competing in pairs. They can choose any fighting method, but both people and Pet Beasts should only be touched, not harmed.” @@novelbin@@

“But what needs to be noted is that each Beast Master only gets one chance to receive a reward. The amount of the reward depends on the strength of your

opponent.”

Gu Wu paused for a moment, “This is actually a restriction for Beast Masters from Xieyun City and other second-level towns to prevent Leadership Level Beast Masters from monopolizing the platform.”

“Only one chance to receive a reward?” Xu Ran’s face fell at this.

He originally wanted to win more and get more rewards.

What a pity.

Seeing Xu Ran’s thoughts, a trace of amusement flashed in Gu Wu’s eyes, “The Beast Master Association’s reward is only once, but individual duels can be wagered on. There is no limit on this.

“A wager, huh…” Xu Ran rubbed his chin, “I’ll have to see how it goes first.” As they spoke, the Beast Masters from other cities gradually arrived at the scene.

The most eye-catching seats in the middle of the venue were occupied by three parties.

The number of Beast Masters from these three parties exceeded that of other cities, and their demeanor seemed more transcendent. Moreover, the aura of Leadership Stage Pet Beasts emanated from their teams, making their identities apparent.

The one in the middle was the generation of young Beast Masters of this host city, Xieyun City, and on either side, were Beast Masters from the other two second-level towns.

“On the left is Cangxue City, and on the right is Juling City,” Gu Wu introduced.

As the Beast Masters from these three second-level towns arrived, a deep, infinitely majestic chant descended from the sky, bringing an unparalleled air of authority.

The slight noise in the venue abruptly stopped.

The hundreds of young Beast Masters who had arrived were all gazing in awe at the figure slowly descending from the sky.

It was a tiger, a hundred meters long, with two pairs of wings on its back, and black lines all over its white fur.

The single horn on its forehead, short and sharp, seemed capable of ripping through space. It gave off palpitations-inducing fluctuations, and around it surged immense power. Looking at it was like staring at a vast ocean.

“Roar?? ”

The tiger let out another majestic roar. Its mighty power swept around like a tidal wave. It turned into a tangible silvery glow, enveloping the tiger like a field.

In the next moment, the tiger’s aura soared into the sky. The space at this point produced countless small cracks. Even the power field that the tiger itself established tore apart, forming a huge hole above its head.

The force of the realm converged crazily towards the round hole, as if to fill the void. However, under the surging momentum, it was unable to advance an inch. Ultimately, under the shocked gaze of the crowd, a heart-throbbing ring of energy formed above the tiger’s head.

It was as if a crown was being placed on its head!

“Four-star skill, Imperial Crown.” Gu Wu spoke in a deep voice, “Just as the King Species have the King’s Power, this is the exclusive power of the Emperor Species.”

“Senior Gu, is this a pet beast of the Emperor Stage?” Xu Ran asked, taking a deep breath.

In his arms, Ziyun’s fur stood on end, and its pupils drastically contracted. Despite its evolution to the King Species, it still felt a dual suppression of power and life level from the terrifying tiger above.

“No this is the Overlord Stage.” GuWu shookhis head slightly, “From the Leader Species, each evolution increases the growth stage limit by two stages. The previous stage is known as the transition stage, as it is certain to breakthrough to the next stage over time.”

“The Overlord Stage is the transition stage belonging to the Emperor Species.” Gu Wu paused, “The one who came is Vice-President You Shengjiang of the

Association.”

A transition stage…?

Xu Ran nodded slightly. He knew that there was a General stage between the Leader Stage and the King Stage, and an Overlord Stage between the King Stage and the Emperor Stage. But he was hearing such a clear distinction for the first time.

So, there should also be an unknown growth stage between the Emperor Stage and the Holy Spirit Stage?

Xu Ran comforted the three little restless ones, and looked up at the unbeatable tiger in the sky.

He had a vague feeling that just one such transcendent being was enough to destroy the entire Qingzhou City, and no one could resist it.

Is the Overlord Stage already this powerful?

The shocked expression slowly faded from his eyes and in its place, came anticipation and longing.

Sooner or later, he too would reach such a level, or even higher!

The momentum surrounding the tiger only lasted for a moment.

With the tiger landing completely, its breathtaking power receded completely, making it unnoticeable.

The crown signifying its power above its head also disappeared at this moment. But, that shocking scene had already eternally embedded itself in the hearts of all the Beast Masters present.

A two-meter-tall man, resembling an iron tower, leaped down from the tiger’s head and landed in the center of the field. “Kids, you weren’t scared by my Four-winged Black Tiger, were you?”

“I You Shengjiang, Vice-President of the Xieyun City Beast Master Association, on behalf of the Association, welcome you all.” You Shengjiang laughed, “I’m a straightforward person, so let’s start the exchange now.

“Defeating an Elite Level Beast Master gives you either one Leader Stage resource or 400 Beast Master Points; defeating a Leadership Level Beast Master gives you either one General Level resource or 2000 Beast Master Points.” “Whether it’s a proactive challenge or being challenged, everyone gets the opportunity to be rewarded once. If you defeat multiple people, the reward will be based on the strongest opponent.”

“in addition, I’ll throw in an extra reward.” You Shengjiang grinned, taking out a jade-like resource emitting a soft white light, “A Heavenly Spirit Stone, to speed up Meditation Training. Whoever goes on stage today, regardless of outcome, will receive one as a reward.”

As You Shengjiang’s words fell, the Beast Masters who originally wanted to wait and see quickly became agitated.

This is a not-so-minor temptation for any Beast Master, especially the ones from 3 Level towns who have never seen this kind of resource. They were rubbing their hands in anticipation.

Soon, a Beast Master stepped onto the stage and issued a challenge. “Biwu City, Zhao Yi, Elite Level Beast Master. Who wants to spar with me?”

“I will!”

As his words fell, another Beast Master jumped onto the stage on the other side. Without a referee, both of them summoned all their pet beasts and quickly began fighting.

“I’ll get on the stage later too!” On the side of Qingzhou City, Xu Jiujiu was eager to try. Her small fists were clenched on her thighs, “Xu Ran, when will you make your move?”

“No hurry.” Xu Ran rested his chin on his hand as he watched the Beast Masters spar, “When the Leadership Stage goes on stage, then I’ll make my move.”