Chapter 239 - 154: Star Evolution! _1

Chapter 239: Chapter 154: Star Evolution! _1

Translator: 549690339

Time, passed by minute and second.

Each time a pair of Beast Masters finished their duel, You Shengjiang would cheerfully hand out two Heavenly Spirit Stones, and also deliver the reward for the winner.

As one reward after another was given out, the atmosphere in the audience became increasingly heated. Even the losers, their spirits lifted somewhat after receiving the Heavenly Spirit Stones.

This made Gu Wu, who had originally complained about the duel, show a much better-looking expression.

The Beast Masters from other parts of Qingzhou City were also infected by the lively atmosphere, watching the Beast Masters from other cities show off their impressive powers, they couldn’t resist to step onto the stage one by one.

Even Su Xiaoxiao and Gu Ling, who were still at the transcendent level, went on stage to duel with other Beast Masters, and finally returned to their seats with Heavenly Spirit Stones.

Xu Ran was still waiting.

Since he could only get a reward based on the strongest Beast Master he defeated, Xu Ran naturally opted for a Leadership Level Beast Master.

The extra battles could be avoided.

Besides, he was already a Leadership Level Beast Master, so it would be somewhat disgraceful to fight Elite Level Beast Masters.

And such an opponent didn’t make Xu Ran wait too long.

An Elite Beast Master from the 3rd level town, who was full skilled at the Waning Moon level, ended up laughing last.

After he defeated his opponent for the tenth time, a Beast Master from Xieyun City made his move.

He was also an Elite Beast Master, but when his Pet Beast entered the arena, an intangible suppression enveloped everyone, causing the faces of the other Beast Masters to turn serious.

King’s Power!

This was a Beast Master whose Pet Beast had evolved into a King Species!

The final result was unsurprising, the Perfect Elite Stage King Species Pet Beast defeated the Beast Master who had won ten consecutive matches.

Although his other Pet Beast was still from a Leader Species, it didn’t stop everyone from feeling awe and holding some reverence for the Beast Master who came from these Second Level Towns.

After winning a round and getting his reward, the Elite Beast Master from Xieyun City didn’t stay on stage. He looked at his camp and then calmly stepped down.

Before other Beast Masters could step onto the stage again, another Beast Master from Xieyun City came out.

Seeing the three powerful Pet Beasts following him closely, the atmosphere in the audience fell still.

This was… a Leadership Stage Pet Beast!

It’s finally coming?

The faces of the Beast Masters from the 3rd level towns were tense.

They had heard that in the Second Level Town, it was not uncommon for Beast Masters to reach the Leadership stage before the age of 25, and they knew they would meet such in this exchange.

They didn’t expect to actually meet such an opponent here.

Considering the chasm-like gap between the Elite Stage and the Leadership Stage, was there a Beast Master from the 3rd level towns who could defeat such an opponent?

Their gazes landed on the still calm Beast Masters on both sides of Xieyun City.

Perhaps only the Beast Masters from the other two Second Level Towns were capable of competing, right?

The Beast Masters who didn’t get a chance to go on stage before were regretful, because they probably wouldn’t have a chance to go on stage from this point forward.

“Xieyun City, Ye Haoming.” The Beast Master who came out bowed to the audience under the stage, “A modest beginning, is there anyone willing to duel with me?”

There was silence in the field.

“Tsk, it’s just as expected.”

Sitting on the seat of Xieyun City to the left, a flamboyantly dressed young man lowered his voice and laughed, “Xieyun City really is…”

“If we don’t join in on the fun, I’m afraid it’s going to be a cold scene, right?”

“The other 3rd level towns are weaker in momentum, next they will be at the mercy of Xieyun City.”

“Isn’t this what they want?” said a beautiful woman sitting next to the young man calmly, “They are overstepping their bounds, not only trying to win over the nearby 3rd level towns, but also reaching out for other 3rd level towns in the Beast Field.”

“We naturally have to stir up the situation and show our attitude.”

“In that case, I’ll go down and meet this guy.” The young man sneered, his gaze towards Ye Haoming contained some scorn, “He seems self-aware, knowing that he’s just a brick.”

“A Leadership Level without even one King Species Pet Beast, ha.”

The young man was about to stand up but was stopped by the beautiful woman, “Someone is going up.”

The beautiful woman watched as a youth walked out from the seats of Qingzhou City, her eyes lit up with surprise, “A small place actually has such a genius?”

“Qingzhou City, Xu Ran.” In the eyes of everyone, Xu Ran calmly stepped onto the stage, mimicking Ye Haoming’s earlier gesture, he bowed to him.

The light in Ye Haoming’s eyes flickered for a moment.

In his anticipation, there shouldn’t be anyone from the 3rd level towns who could step onto the stage to fight him. Then, the other two Second Level Towns would probably send Leadership Level Beast Masters to spar with him so as to gauge the depth of these towns.

Unexpectedly, things didn’t go quite as he expected.

Looking at the three Pet Beasts following Xu Ran, Ye Haoming’s gaze finally settled on Ziyun, feeling a sense of danger coming from Ziyun, his pupils contracted slightly.

It really was the Leadership Stage.@@novelbin@@

From where Xu Ran walked out, it seemed that Qingzhou City wasn’t a very impressive 3rd level town, and it was almost at the bottom.

Unexpectedly, such a place could produce such a young Leadership Level Beast Master.

However… a hint of disdain flashed in Ye Haoming’s eyes.

Of the three Pet Beasts, only one of them has advanced.