Chapter 233 - 151: Beast Field No.97_L

Chapter 233: Chapter 151: Beast Field No.97_l

Translator: 549690339

“Good morning, Boss Xu!”

Early the next day, as soon as Xu Ran arrived at the square in front of the Beast Master Association, he ran into someone he knew.

“Good morning.” Xu Ran glanced at Su Xiaoxiao, who had a vibrant and bright smile on her face, “Are you also participating in this exchange?”

“Yeah!” Su Xiaoxiao nodded enthusiastically, holding Gu Ling’s hand, and after looking around, she lowered her voice, “Actually, I’m here because of connections!”

“My family and Gu Ling’s family are old friends, so Uncle Gu brought me along to broaden my horizons.” Su Xiaoxiao chuckled, “Happens to be during the holidays!”

“It doesn’t matter, I’m just going to have a look.” Gu Ling wrapped her arm around Su Xiaoxiao’s, her face carrying a smile of faint helplessness, “This exchange has been converted to a challenge, I don’t know if they will be grouped by the stages of the Pet Beasts.”

“If not, my presence will just be for show.”

On this point, her contract power hadn’t reached the second stage just like Su Xiaoxiao, so there wasn’t much difference between them.

“My father said, Boss Xu, you have already broken through the third stage?” Gu Ling glanced at Ziyun, who was following after Xu Ran, showing a look of envy, “That was fast!”

“Abit of a fluke.” Xu Ran replied nonchalantly, “Anyway, are there other people coming?”

“Yes.” Gu Ling nodded, “There’s also…”

Before she could finish speaking, a voice came from far away on the other side.

“Good morning, everyone!”

As the voice fell, a colossal white figure rushed towards them at an alarming speed.

“Woof-”

The Frost Dust Wolf, eight meters long and standing as tall as a two-story building, howled towards the sky, showing signs of an Elite Stage power fluctuation, and its eyes filled with a sense of pride.

However, when it spotted the tiny, saucer-faced Cancan behind Xu Ran, it immediately retreated its tail, cut off its lengthened howl, and the entire dog… ah, no, the wolf started behaving obediently.

“Did everyone have breakfast yet?” Xu Jiujiu, with a large backpack on her back and two big bags of hot steamed buns in her hand, greeted the three with a grin, “I bought them from the breakfast shop downstairs of my house!”

“Thankyou, we’ve already eaten.” Gu Ling and Su Xiaoxiao politely declined.

“I’ll take a couple of buns.” Xu Ran, amusedby Xu Jiujiu’s down-to-earth demeanor, grabbed a couple of meat buns, “Broke through the Elite Stage?” Three days ago, Xu Jiujiu suddenly brought the Frost Dust Wolf, whom she had been fostering, back home. Xu Ran had then suspected that she might break through.

“That’s right!” Xu Jiujiu puffed out her lean chest, “The exchange is imminent, and I can’t let other city Beast Masters look down on us!”

With a flash of light, the Frost Dust Wolf disappeared on the spot.

They were going to ride on Gu Wu’s Pet Beast to Xieyun City. The space was limited, so larger Pet Beasts could only be summoned once they reached the destination.

“My second Pet Beast is not weak. Boss Xu, we’ll have a chance to challenge each other again…” Xu Jiujiu began boasting, but upon noticing Ziyun behind Xu Ran, her voice abruptly stopped mid-sentence, “You…”

“You?!”

“Oh, you missed it when you came to pick up the Frost Dust Wolf last time. Ziyun was training.” Xu Ran chuckled at the sight of Xu Jiujiu’s shock, suddenly feeling a twinge of sadistic pleasure, “I’ve already reached the third stage. Try to keep up.”

“You.,.1…” Xu Jiujiu was at a loss for words. Irritated, she bit into a bun that she’d pulled out of the bag, muttering under her breath.

“Too slick! Absolutely slick!”

“You guys finally got here.” Lyu Guang, walking alone, approached the four. “Want some?” Xu Jiujiu, taking another intimidating bite of the bun, didn’t forget to offer the bag to Lyu Guang.

“Sure.” Lyu Guang casually took two buns, then looked at Xu Ran, “I heard from A Ji, you’ve reached the Leadership Stage.”

“Uhm.” Xu Ran nodded, the image of A Ji’s noisy figure causing a corner of his mouth to twitch involuntarily.

A Ji was the student at Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion who had misunderstood him when he had visited. After visiting the Foster Shop once, he’ d never been able to go back.

A few days ago, he came by and saw that Ziyun had reached the Leadership Level. After his Combat Bear Apprentice had been washed and groomed, he left rather hurriedly.

Concerning the fact that Lyu Guang knew about his breakthrough, Xu Ran was not surprised.

“Impressive, I’ll catchup to you soon.” Lyu Guang nodded seriously without mentioning the mishap of almost tripping himself up when he first found out, then focused on eating his buns.

After finishing two quickly, he turned to Xu Jiujiu, “Can I have two more?”

“You really can eat.” Xu Jiujiu looked at Lyu Guang admiringly.

“Martial artists need a lot of food.” Lyu Guang casually picked up two more buns, his expression calm.

A short while later.

“Two more?”

“Impressive!” Xu Jiujiu couldn’t help but rub Lyu Guang’s still flat stomach and gave him a thumbs up, “You can even eat more than me!”

Watching this somewhat absurd conversation between the two, Xu Ran and Gu Ling started to show some strange expressions. Su Xiaoxiao’s mouth hung open slightly, looking curiously at Lyu Guang’s stomach from time to time, seemingly intrigued by his appetite.

“You’re all here.”

The amused voice of Gu Wu came from inside the Beast Master Association headquarters. @@novelbin@@

As he stepped out, three young men and one woman followed close behind.

“Let me introduce you.” When he reached the group of five, Gu Wu introduced the four people behind him, “Jiang Ruming, Cui Yongsheng, Shi Songnian, Mou Mengdan.”