Chapter 230 - 149 After Reduction Of Star Rising... "_2

Chapter 230: Chapter 149 After Reduction of Star Rising… “_2

Translator: 549690339

Although it’s not blood essence, a whole lot of dragon blood could still do significant damage to the General Stage, right?

Earth attribute dragon blood essence of the King Stage.

The King Stage blood essence is also required among the evolution materials for Ziyun and Star, this thing seems to be essential for the evolution into the King Species.

But this time there is an additional requirement, it must be of the Dragon class. Because of this constraint, this resource can’t be obtained in Qingzhou City either.

The Earth attribute King Stage blood essence in the storeroom of the Beast Master Association in Qingzhou city comes from a King Stage rodent type Transcendent Being, Xu Ran had learnt about this in advance.

As for the shattered rock marrow…

The corner of Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

Great, he had never heard of it, nor could he exchange it in Qingzhou City.

But it’s not all doom and gloom.

Three auxiliary materials could be exchanged in Qingzhou City.

Although it would be very difficult to find the three main materials in Qingzhou City, he was about to head to Xieyun City, and he could figure out a way there.

As for the final evolution ritual…

Xu Ran’s face began to show signs of distress.

Where would he find the remains of an Earth attribute dragon that are buried deep in the ground?

If he first finds the dragon remains and then buries them in the Earth, would that be considered?

It doesn’t seem like that would work.

Then he would have to count on luck.

“Your evolution…” Raising his head and meeting Cancan’s hopeful eyes, Xu Ran sighed, “It might be a bit difficult!”

“Meow (Really)?!”

Cancan’s little face immediately tensed up, and his eyes became anxious.

How tough is it going to be?

“First, you need to…” Xu Ran briefly explained to Cancan the details of the evolution path and then summed up, “In short, you’re going to need a lot of resources next.”

“Little guy, start working hard!”

“Meow!” (Okay!)

After Xu Ran explained the details of his evolution path, a surge of fighting spirit erupted in Cancan’s eyes.

It had previously heard about the evolution paths of Ziyun and Star, and it seemed that his own evolution path was indeed more difficult.

But because it has a more powerful talent, it was not afraid of this difficulty.

Let the storm come more violently!

“Meow!” (I want to exchange for a three star skill scroll!)

A painful but determined look appeared in Cancan’s eyes.

A Three Stars Skill Scroll could directly upgrade a skill to three stars.

Upgrading a One Star skill to Three Stars is naturally the most cost-effective choice.

Although the size reduction skill at one star was already enough for it, the priority for advancement was very low. But since it had come this far, it decided to upgrade it to three stars first.

In this way, it could focus more on improving other skills later.

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Without asking, he knew which skill Cancan wanted to upgrade with the scroll. He quickly selected the reduction skill for use.

The next second, the reduction skill in Cancan’s skill list quickly faded away, and was replaced by a new skill.

[★Reduction (Starlight Level)] (98/500)! + ]

xb xb xb @@novelbin@@

[★★★Jiezimixu (Starlight Level)] (98/500)] + ]

It seems to be pretty good.

Xu Rand nodded with satisfaction, looking at Cancan’s shocked face, “How’s the new skill effect?”

“Meow?” (Huh?)

Hearing Xu Ran’s voice, Cancan came back to his senses from the new sensation.

On one hand, this was its first time upgrading a skill, and the feeling of having the memory of a skill wiped out and replaced by a new one was quite novel to it.

On the other hand, this was the first time Cancan had a skill upgraded to Three Stars, the exhilarating feeling of breaking free from shackles also brought it great joy.

Is this what it feels like to become stronger?

After sensing the effect of the new skill, Cancan became even more excited.

It had originally thought that no matter how much the reduction skill was enhanced it would just let it become smaller, and there was basically no need for improvement.

It never expected that after being upgraded to three stars, this skill would give it a surprise!

“Meow!” (This new skill is extremely powerful!)

With an excited expression, Cancan quickly explained the new effect of the skill.

The skill Jiezimixu, compared to the previous reduction that could only decrease size, had a new effect – increasing in size.

It can increase its size proportionately to how much it can reduce.

Of course, if it only had this new change, it would at most be considered as a two-star skill.

The most powerful new benefit of Jiezimixu is that a Pet Beast’s strength can change along with its body size.

Ordinary size changes only alter the appearance, but Jiezimixu can affect strength in different ways when it comes to size reduction and enlargement.

When the Pet Beast’s size decreases, its power will slightly diminish, but its speed, reflexes, and frequency of skill usage all get a boost. The more the size is reduced, the greater the change.

When the Pet Beast’s size increases, its power will go up to a certain extent, but it’s the opposite of shrinking. Its speed, reflexes, and frequency of skill use all decrease, the larger it gets, the more significant the change.

In this way, Cancan has more possibilities!

“Great!” Upon learning of this new change in Cancan’s skill, excitement flickered in Xu Ran’s eyes.

How nice-

Isn’t this a double form?

Shrink to normal size for a considerable increase in agility.

Grow larger, and you’ll move slower, but your power increases immensely.

“Meow?” (Is this possible?)

“Xi Lu?” (Is this possible?)

Awe-filled expressions appeared on the faces of both Star and Ziyun. They exchanged a glance, with excitement blooming in their eyes.

Upgrade!

They, too, already possess the reduction skill.

Originally, this was for solving the inconvenience caused by growing larger as their strength increased in daily life. After achieving this, they didn’t pay it too much attention.

But if upgrading this skill to three stars has such an effect, then they must upgrade it!

It’s just one Three Star Skill Scroll, they’ll snatch it next time!

“We still have plenty of resources.” Xu Ran smiled, tapping on Little Black Board, “Let’scontinue!”

Ziyun and Star both turned their gaze towards Cancan.

At this point, Star’s evolution is only lacking one main material, and its priority in resource distribution is naturally lost.

No, it shouldn’t be said as lost, but rather, it’s transferred to Cancan.

Cancan showed a touched expression in its eyes. Without hesitation, it turned to look at the Skill Fragments and remaining Skill Fusion Stones on Little Black Board.

Just upgrading one Three Star Skill had such an effect, it couldn’t wait to enhance its other skills.

However, the next moment, seeing only 79 Skill Fragments, a touch of helplessness and frustration flickered in its eyes.

One more and it could exchange for two Two Star Skills!

Why was it so unfortunate?

“Xi Lu!” (I’ll sell you the two I have left!)

Seeing Cancan’s desperate gaze fixed on the Skill Fragments, Star took the initiative.

Since it bought all the Skill Fragments, there were two it didn’t use after completing its upgrade.

“Charming?” (You can sell them to me?)

Cancan widened its eyes, showing a surprised look.

“Xi Lu- ” (Give me 20 Value Points, and these two Skill Fragments are yours.)

While speaking, Star glanced at Xu Ran for further instructions.

Although there had been an instance of borrowing money before, there has never been an instance of resource selling.

“Sure.” Xu Ran laughed and nodded.

This development was quite good.

Everyone exchanges resources, sometimes too many are exchanged.

“Charming!” (Deal!)

Seeing Xu Ran in agreement, Cancan nodded without hesitation.

With the trade successful, getting 81 Skill Fragments in one go, Cancan looked at Xu Ran with expectancy.

“Charming!” (Fuse Covering the Earth!)

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded and smiled.

In his spare time, he had already chosen the right skills to fuse for Cancan. Now, he effortlessly opened the exchange list of the Recycling function.

[★★ Covering the Earth] + [★★ Muddy]

[Fusion Success Rate: 11.4%]

[Proceed with fusion?]

[Yes][No]

The skill “Covering the Earth” has strong defensive and reflective effects, but there is one major issue.

During the execution of the skill, Cancan cannot move because it’s enveloped in a rock-hard shell.

Muddy is a Two Star Skill that softens hard earth chunks and can quickly turn a solid land into a muddy field.

The fusion of these two skills may solve the movement issue.

Defense strength may decrease, but Xu Ran decided to trust the system.

Firing up the second chapter, let’s go!