Chapter 235 - 152: Night Demon Dragon’S Single Horn, Get Daze! _1

Chapter 235: Chapter 152: Night Demon Dragon’s Single Horn, get daze! _1

Translator: 549690339

Upon hearing Gu Wu’s words spoken in a casual tone, everyone except Gu Ling couldn’t help but reveal a look of astonishment.

“Uncle Gu, isn’t Beast Zone No.47 much stronger than our N0.97?” A worried look appeared on Su Xiaoxiao’s face.

“Indeed.” Gu Wu nodded slightly, “Just as human cities are divided into First- level Capitals, Second Level Towns, and Third Level Townships, so are Beast Zones.”

“Based on strength, the Beast Zones can generally be divided into Beast Saint-level Beast Field, Beast Emperor-level Beast Field, and Beast King-level Beast Field.” Gu Wu’s voice pause slightly, “Beast Saint-level Beast Field starts from Zone No.l, ending at N0.10.”

“Beast Emperor-level Beast Field, begins from Zone No.ll, and ends at N0.72.”

“And below that, we have the Beast King-level beast kField.”

“Senior Gu, just how strong are the Beast King, Beast Emperor, and Beast Saint you mentioned?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask.

“A Beast King is a Transcendent Being at the King Level.”

“A Beast Emperor refers to a Transcendent Being at the Emperor Level.”

“As for a Beast Saint…” A look of awe appeared in Gu Wu’s eyes, “That’s an Ultra-Transcendent Being at the Holy Spirit Stage, a height that can only be reached by completing three evolutionary transitions, and is known to be the most powerful existence.”

Three evolutions…

Panicked expressions appeared on everyone’s faces.

King, Emperor, Holy Spirit.

Are these the three stages of evolution for species above the Leader level…

Xu Ran couldn’t help but look at the Three little ones.

The Evolution Path of the Holy Spirit Race is a golden item. For now, the odds of him obtaining one are basically non-existent.

To reach that level, both the pet beasts and he himself need to continue working hard.

“Ahem, we’ve digressed a bit.” Seeing the shock on the faces of the young behind him, Gu Wu cleared his throat and effortlessly brought the topic back on track.

“In short, Beast Zone No.47 is indeed very strong, but there are also powerful Beast Masters among humans confronting them. Moreover, once we reach Beast Zone No.47, there will be powerhouses from Xieyun City to meet us.” “Don’t worry too much.”

The remaining journey was as Gu Wu said, a scare without peril.

As they entered deeper into the Beast Zone, the number of wild Transcendent Beings at the Leadership Stage gradually increased to a point where even the Red-eyed Demon Dragon could not fully suppress them.

However, when Gu Wu released his three other creatures at the General stage, things started to go smoothly again. After a day’s journey, the group entered the scope of Beast Zone No,47. Once they got assistance from a King Level Beast Master, their situation improved even more.

Finally, a massive city appeared before their eyes.

The city was dozens of times larger than Qingzhou City and stood majestically in the wilderness. Even in endless desolation, it emanated an aura of impassable authority.

Even from outside the city, Xu Ran and the others could see the bustling atmosphere inside.

It was a grandeur that Qingzhou City couldn’t match.

“This is our Xieyun City.” The King Level Beast Master responsible for meeting them was Zhou He, who looked somewhat proud at this moment, “In our Xieyun City, we have one Beast Master at the Emperor Level, three at the Overlord Level, and eighteen at the King Level.”

Hearing Zhou He list the power of the city like counting family treasures, everyone fell silent.

This couldn’t be compared with Qingzhou City.

Even among Third Level Townships, Qingzhou City was at the bottom in terms of strength.

And Xieyun City…

“An Overlord Level Beast Master can already serve as the city lord of a Second Level Town.” Gu Wu spoke slowly, “Among the nearby Second Level Towns, Xieyun City is the strongest.”

“Indeed.” Zhou He chuckled, “On this occasion, we have also invited Beast Masters from the other Second Level Towns. You will see.”

“Even among Second Level Towns, there is a disparity in strength.”

“Other Second Level Towns are also coming?” Gu Wu’s eyes revealed surprise, “This was not mentioned before.”

“They volunteered.” Zhou He’s eyes showed slight disdain, “perhaps they didn’t want us to corner all the Third Level Towns.”

Gu Wu’s eyes flickered, and he said no more.

It seemed there was more to the situation than he knew.

“Um… Senior Zhou, can I ask you something?” Xu Ran didn’t care who came, he only had one concern, “Does the Beast Master Association in Xieyun City have Single Horns of mature Night Demon Dragons for exchange?”

“Single Horns from mature Night Demon Dragons?” Zhou He thought for a moment and chuckled, “Plenty. Some time ago, a formidable person wiped out a nest of Night Demon Dragons. There were quite a few at the King and General stage, which caused quite a stir when they were brought back to the Association.”

“Could it be Lin Gong?” Gu Wu seemed to think of something, his expression shifting slightly.

“Right, it was him.” Zhou He glanced atGuWu, “It seems you know him.”

“Yes, we’ve had dealings before.” Gu Wu nodded, admiration in his eyes, “In Xieyun City, he is the only one to break through to the King Level Beast Master before the age of thirty.”

Lin Gong, huh…

Xu Ran quietly remembered this name.

Thanks for the resources returned by Big Bro Star!

He turned to look at Star, revealing a teasing smile. @@novelbin@@

Soon, very soon.

“Lin Gong left the city again a few days ago.” Zhou He smiled, “I wonder what surprise he will bring back this time. Let’s not talk about this, let’s go down.”

As the group chatted, the Red-eyed Demon Dragon landed outside the towering gates of Xieyun City.

Unlike Qingzhou City, the gates of Xieyun City were massive, so high that one had to look up just to see the top.

The gates here were always open for people to come and go without fear of wild Transcendent Beings charging from the Beast Zone.