Chapter 232 - 150 Setting Off, Xieyun City!_2

Chapter 232: Chapter 150 Setting off, Xieyun City!_2 @@novelbin@@

Translator: 549690339

“Charming…” (Let me think…)

Cancan, who suffers from choice-phobia, showed a serious look on his face.

As Xu Ran said, this choice wasn’t that complex.

When Star successfully fused the Heart of Eternal Night, Cancan compared its own Heart of the Earth with it, admiring the self-healing effect of the Heart of Eternal Night.

Learning and upgrading these two skills separately in the future will consume a lot of resources.

So…

“Charming!” (I choose Plan Two!)

Isn’t it just using a few more skill fusion stones?

Each of its skills only requires a two-star skill to be upgraded to three-star, saving more than the evolution preparations of its two seniors!

Moreover, such a fusion plan can also save 20 skill fragments!

Rounding off, it’s not a loss!

It just doesn’t know if the remaining seven will be enough.

Cancan looked at its leftover skill fusion stones and gritted its teeth.

Go for it!

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded.

[★★Heart of the Earth]+ [★Self-healing Power]+ [*Earthquake Wave]

[Fusion success rate: 2.1%]

[Proceed with fusion?]

[Yes] [No]

One…two…three…

The flashy fusion effect, like a monster devouring skill fusion stones, swallowed all the skill fusion stones Xu Ran invested.

“Just right.”

Looking at the fusion success shown after investing the seventh skill fusion stone, Xu Ran’s tense face relaxed.

If it hadn’t been successful this time, waiting for the next fusion would have been agonizing.

[★★Heart of the Earth (Starlight Level)] (165/500) [+]

4*4*4*

[★★★Echoing of Earth Vein (Starlight Level)] (165/500) [+]

“What’s the effect?” Xu Ran turned to Cancan.

“Charming!” (It has everything it should have!)

After enhancing three skills to three-star in one day, Cancan was a bit numbed.

The first thing it did when it came back to its senses was to tell Xu Ran about the changes in the new skill.

Just as expected, Echoing of Earth Vein could absorb the power of the earth to heal itself and its injuries, increase the power of other earth attribute skills, and sense the surroundings and underground through its connection to the earth.

All the effects of the fused skills were inherited and even enhanced.

“Charming!” (Now only Earth Collapse and Sturdy Rock Wall are left!) Cancan’s eyes were full of excitement, even Ziyun and Star next to it had a hint of emotion in their eyes.

Watching the whole process of Cancan’s skill-enhancing, they both felt bitter. Raising a star used to be so difficult for them.

“No, there’s still Dragon Power.” Xu Ran knocked on the blackboard. “This is the dragon-exclusive skill you need for evolution.”

“Charming!” (Exchange it!)

Cancan didn’t even think about it, it just responded immediately.

“Okay.” Xu Ran handed over the neglected Dragon Power to Cancan, and then changed his tone, “You have 2,265 value points left.”

“Charming?!” (Is that all I have left?)

Feeling the brand new memories and experiences emerging in its mind, Cancan’s excitement came to an abrupt halt after hearing the second half of Xu Ran’s sentence.

It remembered… the original value points assigned to it were over 6,000, right?!

Darn it, why do the value points seem so insufficient!

It quickly scanned through the remaining exchangeable resources.

Physical points…

Forget it, this can wait. The improvement of the growth stage can be put aside for now, because it can’t break through the leadership stage before it evolves. Skill points…

This is always a good thing, after all, it needs to reach the waning moon level for all skills. Just training by itself is a bit slow, especially the newly mastered Dragon Power, which is still at 0 proficiency.

But it can’t convert all value points into skill points, because…

Cancan’s gaze fell on the 597 Beast Master points.

The evolution materials it needs will certainly amount to a considerable number of points.

Ziyun and Star, the two seniors, both have more than 4,000 points, so it also needs to save up. After all, it’s going to Xieyun City tomorrow, so it must seize the opportunity.

“Charming!” (Exchange all Beast Master points, also the Energy Abundant Potion, and the remaining will be all for skill points!)

After some struggle, Cancan made its decision.

“Meow-” (Welldone!)

Ziyun instantly burst with excitement.

By counting on its fingers, it figured that after getting the highest priority, Cancan wouldn’t be able to exchange for many skill points, and could save almost 4,000.

If it could consume all these skill points…

The three skills, Step on Electric Traces, King’s Power, and Falling Thunder can all reach Full Moon Level!

Six Full Moon Level skills, who else could compete?!

“Xi Lu~” (I’ll exchange for 2,000 skill points.)

“Meow?!” (What?!)

Ziyun’s triumphant expression instantly freezes, looking at Star with a heartbroken gaze.

Can’t you choose something else?!

Star gives an innocent look.

Why are you looking at me, big sister?

I’m about to evolve, and after evolution, I can break through the leadership stage.

It’s totally normal to accumulate some skill points at this time.

“Meow-” (Boohoo-)

Ziyun is on the brink of tears.

Poor Falling Thunder, I can only favor you next time!

“Since that’s the case, I’ve finished distributing your skill points.”

Xu Ran takes out a calculator.

“Resetting—”

After a series of electronic tones finish, Xu Ran puts down the calculator, “Cancan exchanged 1618 skill points, Ziyun 1822 points, and Star 2000 points.” “Do you want to use them now or…”

“Meow!” (Use them now!)

“Xi Lu!” (Use some, save some!)

“Charming!” (Save them for later!)

The three little ones give different answers.

“Okay.” Xu Ran adds points according to the requests of the three little ones.

For Ziyun, the newly exchanged skill points are just enough to raise Step on Electric Traces and King’s Power to Full Moon Level.

As a result, Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, Step on Electric Traces, Destruction Thunder Claw, Fighting Body, and King’s Power, Ziyun’s five three-star skills have reached Full Moon Level.

Star has had two Full Moon Level skills, Night Rune and Fated Star Pulling, previously. This time, it chooses to add skill points to the Heart of Eternal Night with a proficiency of (519/2000), bringing it to Full Moon Level, leaving 519 skill points unused for now.

Star’s considerations are quite simple. After it evolves, there will definitely be new talent skills emerging, at least there will be King’s Power.

With some skill points left, the new talent skills can also be quickly upgraded.

If it weren’t for running out of priority, Star even wants to bag all the remaining skill points. After all, it is the richest among the three little ones.

“So now we’re only left with physical points.” Xu Ran takes a look at the physical points, “Including the balance from last time, there’s a total of 18168 points.”

“Xi Lu!” (Exchange all the remaining value points!)

Star lets out a snort, eyes filled with excitement and anticipation.

“Meow?”

Ziyun, who was about to suggest swapping all remaining value points for physical points, looks surprised.

Did it hear that correctly?

Was Star going to convert all the value points it just received and the remaining value points from before?

“Xi Lu!” (I want to prepare for the leadership stage!)

Looking at Ziyun, Star snorts eagerly.

Once it finishes evolution and breaks through the leadership stage, it is going to use these physical points to quickly catch up with big sister.

Its comeback is coming!

“Meow!” (I’ll exchange all too!)

Ziyun widens its eyes, immediately expresses its stance.

It absolutely won’t be caught up!

“No problem.” Xu Ran smiles and starts adding points to Ziyun.

Growth Stage: Leadership Stage (19.3W/3OW) [ + ]

4’4’4′

Growth Stage: Leadership Stage (19.8W/3OW) [ + ]

Feeling the distant path to completing the leadership stage, Ziyun couldn’t help but sigh.

Thanks to the thunder bead it obtained from the remains of the giant beast, its power increased rapidly over the past week, gaining over ten thousand growth progress in just one week.

But relying solely on thunder attribute could pose problems in the long term. After all, it is a dual-attribute pet beast now.

On the upcoming trip to Xieyun City, it has to exchange for resources suited to its fighting attribute.

“So after this round of distribution, we’re left with this.” Xu Ran circles the final remaining items on the blackboard with a chalk.

“Physical Points: 13465 Points (Star)”

“Skill Points: 1618 Points (Cancan) +519 Points (Star)”

“Skill Fragments: 21 (Cancan)”

“Beast Master Points: 4686 Points (Ziyun) +4433 Points (Star) +597 Points (Cancan)”

“This time, you all have completely used up your value points.” Xu Ran smiles, “That’s great, value points sitting idle will always remain value points. Only when they’re put to use, they can quickly be translated into formidable power.” “It’s getting late, let’s go upstairs and rest.”

“We will set off with Senior Gu first thing tomorrow!”

“Meow-”

“Xi Lu-”

“Charming-”

Responding to him were the eager voices of the three little ones.

Writing the third chapter, full steam ahead!