Chapter 231 - 150 Setting Off, Xieyun City!_ 1

Chapter 231: Chapter 150 Setting off, Xieyun City!_ 1

Translator: 549690339 |

Looking at a high success rate that he hadn’t seen in a long time, Xu Ran chuckled.

Although Covering the Earth is a strong Two Stars Skill, its fusion with another Two Stars Skill is still calculated based on the fusion probability of two Two Stars Skills.

So naturally, it is much higher than the fusion of three Two Stars Skills.

Now there’s only one question.

Could this inherent Two Stars Skill, as he had imagined, be upgraded to Three Stars solely by fusing with another Two Stars Skill?

Surely, he was about to find out.

Without hesitation, he clicked on [Yes], and the new fusion began.

Four fusion stones went down, and a prompt for Fusion success appeared in front of him.

[★★Covering the Earth (Starlight Level)](214/500)[ + ]

★★★

[★★★Giving Body to Fertile Soil (Starlight Level)](214/500)[+]

It’s here!

That familiar feeling is here again!

Cancan widened its eyes, feeling the euphoria coming from its new skill and sudden power increase, its eyes now filled with delight.

It has become stronger again!

“Charming!” (This skill…)

This time, without Xu Ran asking, Cancan had already taken the initiative to describe the details of the new skill.

Just as Xu Ran had imagined, when Cancan invokes Giving Body to Fertile Soil, it covers its body with soft mud, which does not hinder its movements, improving its agility. Meanwhile, there’s no drop in defense as he feared.

The mud acted like a non-Newtonian fluid, normally soft but hardens when met with force.

Beyond that, Giving Body to Fertile Soil has an additional effect.

It’s adhesion.

If faced with a close-ranged attack like a Fighting Attribute Skill, the mud could interfere with the attacker’s movements for a short period, making it unable to separate.

At this moment, Ziyun, who was watching from the side, felt a strong sense of hostility.

Ziyun: (=?=)

Fighting attribute close combat skills get stuck, and Thunder attribute long- range attack deals reduced damage to Earth attribute.

Doesn’t Cancan counter him a bit too much?

“Well done!”

Xu Ran didn’t hold back his praise and a joyful expression surfaced on his face.

Without a doubt, this new skill is more versatile than the previous one.

Indeed, Cancan is well suited for an augmentation in defense, choosing the evolution path of Panlong Turtle for it is correct.

His speculation also gets confirmed,

The strong Two Stars Skill only needs to combine with one, Two Stars skill to upgrade to a Three Stars skill and the fusion success rate is quite high.

“We can still fuse for another Three Stars Skill!” Seeing the remaining seven Skill Fusion Stones and 4.1 Skill Fragments, a hint of anticipation flashed in Xu Ran’s eyes.

“Charming!” (Heart of the Earth!)

In the face of the third Three Stars skill upgrade, Cancan rides the wave of the power increase, feeling more excited, and without hesitation chose Heart of the Earth.

After all, its other skills are elevated proportionally to this skill.

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded, then paused his words, “About this skill, I have two fusion plans, you can choose one.”

“Charming?” (Again?)

The enthusiasm on Cancan’s face died.

Don’t you put a selection phobic to such a difficult choice!

“It probably won’t be hard to choose this time,” Xu Ran laughed, “The first fusion plan is to combine a Two Stars Skill called Energy Storage with Heart of the Earth, which currently has the highest success rate.” @@novelbin@@

“The effect of Energy Storage allows the user to have the ability to store extra energy, charging at usual times and consume when needed, thus maintaining power for a longer duration.”

“Charming!” (Sounds pretty cool!)

Cancan’s eyes lit up.

This is something it doesn’t have, and anything it doesn’t have, it wants!

“Take it slow, listen to the second plan first.” Xu Ran slowly strokes its head, “The second plan is to combine two One Star Skills with Heart of the Earth.” “Fusing two One Star Skills you can get a Two Star Skill, which could still reach Three Stars when fused with Heart of the Earth, but the success rate will drop a lot, and it would need a lot more Skill Fusion Stones.”

Cancan’s eyes spun.

It didn’t refuse immediately.

If a plan with a lower success rate is recommended by Xu Ran, it must have other benefits.

“Charming?” (What are these two One Star Skills?)

“One is Self-healing Power.” Xu Ran chuckled softly, “Both Ziyun and Star have this skill. Star even fused it into Heart of Eternal Night in the past.”

“When you complete the fusion of this skill into Heart of the Earth, you will also have the ability to heal wounds.” Xu Ran’s eyes shimmered with expectancy, “Already having a high defense, you’ll now be able to recover from injuries rapidly and possess a greater advantage.”

“Besides, the other skill is called Earthquake Wave.” Xu Ran glanced at Cancan. “It’s a highly efficient scouting ability in the Earth attribute, able to sense a large range of surface and underground information.”

“If these two skills fuse into Heart of the Earth, the effect of your skill can be even more comprehensive.” Xu Ran paused, “And with the Earthquake Wave learned, it will be much easier to find the location for your Evolution Ritual.” “Of course, you can also upgrade these two skills separately after learning them, but in this case, you will have so many skills that your future upgrade resources will be spread out.”

“The first plan has a success rate of 10.9%; the second one, 2.1%,” Xu Ran finally revealed the success rates of both plans.

Perhaps because the merger of one Two Star and two One Star Skills, the success rate of this three-skill fusion isn’t too low.