Chapter 240 - 154: Star Evolution! _2

Chapter 240: Chapter 154: Star Evolution! _2

Translator: 549690339

The combat power of the other two can be disregarded.

Is that it?

This is a free-for-all challenge with no restrictions on the means of battle ready; my three Leadership Stage Beasts can suppress them easily.

Well, the purpose of my appearance is to demonstrate the gap between a Second Level Town and a Third-Level City. Since they dare to come up, let them know that there is a difference even between beasts of the Leadership Level!

“Alright, come on!”

Ye Haoming gave a low shout, and the three pet beasts behind him were ready for battle.

Next, he would go all out and deal with his opponent as quickly as possible.

On the other side, Xu Ran and Ziyun were also communicating secretly through Contractual Sensing.

“Are you sure you don’t need Star to help?”

“Meow!” (No! A mere three unevolved Leadership Stage beasts, easy to defeat!)

“Meow!” (You guys just watch, I do it alone!)

Ziyun, who was preparing to attack, was very rebellious and arrogant.

It was its first battle after all its three-star skills were upgraded to the Full Moon Level. It was time to show its real power!

“Alright then.”

Seeing Ziyun’s insistence, Xu Ran, Star, and Cancan silently retreated two steps back.

When Ye Haoming saw this, there was a hint of surprise in his eyes.

What do they mean?

Does the guy want to fight me with just one pet?

A flame of nameless anger surged up in his heart.

Cocky bloke from a small place!

Then don’t blame me for being rude!

The angry intent of the Beast Master was perceived by the three Leadership Stage Pet Beasts, and they were all fired up and launched an attack towards Ziyun.

At the same time, all three of them charged towards Ziyun.

One of them was enveloped in red flames, and it spewed out a magnificent pillar of fire when it was a hundred meters away from Ziyun.

The pillar of fire swept towards Ziyun like a cannonball. Even before it arrived, the waves of heat caused the surrounding air to expand rapidly, distorting the light and shadow.

Fire attribute two-star skill, later named Waning Moon Class: Red Flame Cannon!

Another was filled with an invisible terrifying power. Every time it took a step, it would silently leave a dent in the extremely hard fighting platform. Its figure moved at lightning speed towards Ziyun, reaching him in the blink of an eye.

It raised a sharp claw, each claw tip like a blade that could cut through anything. Tearing through the air, it erupted in a sharp whistle as it attacked Ziyun.

Fighting attribute two-star skill, Waning Moon class; Shattering Claw!

The last pet beast was a bird. A green storm wrapped around it as if it were an arrow tearing through space, shooting swiftly towards Ziyun.

Its speed was only second to the fighting animal pet. Its figure seemed to pause as it paused in mid-air. At the same time, its wings flapped hard, sending feather blades like knives flying, blocking Ziyun’s escape from all sides!

Wind attribute two-star skill, Waning Moon class; Wind Blade!

The three beasts had evidently had a long time to work together. Under Ye Haoming’s command, they coordinated quite well.

As soon as the fighting beast appeared in front of Ziyun, Wind Blade had already sealed the nearby area, and the Red Flame Cannon was on the way. All it needed was for the fighting beast to land a hit, and then Ziyun would be met with a series of attacks!

“It’s over!”

A triumphant look appeared on Ye Haoming’s face.

Although his three beasts had just advanced to the Leadership Stage not long ago, and their skill proficiency had not been raised to the Full Moon level, their strong collaboration had produced an effect greater than the sum of its parts.

Looking at Ziyun, who was still standing in the same spot and almost had no time to react, his eyes revealed a trace of contempt.

Small places will always be small places. Even if they’re lucky enough to break through to the Leadership Level, they can’t compare to me in battle experience.@@novelbin@@

All other beast masters at the venue were nervous at this moment.

When they saw Xu Ran come out, the other Beast Masters from the third-tier cities were first surprised, then elated, as they were all on the same side at this moment.

Xu Ran was at an absolute disadvantage from the get-go, causing all of them to hold their breaths.

Those who were calm enough to calculate were the Beast Masters from the other two Second-Level Towns on either side of Cloud City, and the Beast Masters from Qingzhou City.

The former had already figured out some clues, while the latter knew about Xu Ran’s situation and were not too worried.

Under the gaze of everyone, Ziyun’s eyes flickered slightly, and a purple light emanated from its unique dual pupils.

“Zzzzzz–”

The next moment, accompanied by the sharp sound of the air being punctured, a low thunderous noise erupted in the field.

“Boom!”

A brilliant burst of lightning engulfed the Combat System Pet Beast that was thrashing its claw.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level ■ Step on Electric Traces!

The Combat System Pet Beast that touched Ziyun’s residual thunderbolts didn’t even face Ziyun, but just fell to the ground, completely blackened.

By now, Ziyun had already shown up in front of the Wind Pet Beast in the air.

Gazing at the Wind Pet Beast, whose surprise in its eyes quickly dissipated and was trying to flap its wings to escape, Ziyun’s eyes flashed with sharpness.

Isn’t it too late to try and escape now?

Invisible majesty enveloped around in an instant, the Wind Pet Beast’s body stiffened suddenly, as if tremendous pressure was pressing against it from all sides, making its breathing extremely difficult.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level ■ King’s Power!

In the next instant, the Wind Pet Beast was simply swept away by Ziyun’s tail.

Sensing the rushing heat wave behind him, Ziyun slightly turned his head.

A low and suppressed roar reverberated through the air in an instant.

“Meow…”

A ball of deep purple light, roughly the size of a soccer ball and filled with terrifying lightning that made hearts palpitate, burst out from in front of Ziyun, swiftly charging towards the rushing flames.

The powerful onslaught from ‘Red Flame Cannon’ crumbled in front of this deep purple light ball, utterly powerless.

The light ball had already appeared near the Fire Pet Beast in its horror and transformed into a sea of thunder, completely devouring it!

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level • Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound!

With strength, skill star level, and skill proficiency superior to the three opponents, defeating three was a cakewalk.

If not for Ziyun wanting to try out skills that had just been upgraded to Full Moon Level, it could have been even faster.

Not even sparing a glance to the three Leadership Stage beasts that had fallen to the ground, Ziyun calmly strutted back to Xu Ran’s side, resuming its harmless and obedient demeanor.

“What…”

The triumphant grin on Ye Haoming’s face, which had yet to recede, froze.

What just happened?

In the blink of an eye, how had he, who should have won, ended up losing instead?

Huh?

No way, why?!

“Thank you.” Xu Ran smiled slightly at Ye Haoming, who looked as if he was questioning his life, then turned to You Shengjiang, “Senior You, may I askfor a marshal-level resource of the Combat System?”

“Sure!” You Shengjiang looked deeply at Xu Ran.

The original plan was to show the difference between the Beast Masters of a third-level town. But a slight misstep had rendered the effect reversed.

After handing over a combat system resource and a Heavenly Spirit Stone to Xu Ran, You Shengjiang patted him on the shoulder, laughing, “Impressive youth. Would you like another match?”

“No.” Xu Ran unhesitatingly shook his head, “The last battle was too intense. My pet beast has consumed too much strength; I’d rather not continue.”

He had already secured the rewards. What’s the point in fighting anymore?

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, You Shengjiang’s smile stiffened momentarily, while Ye Haoming seemed even more frustrated.

Too intense? Too much strength used?

Do you even believe what you just said?!

Though he wanted to send another more powerful Beast Master to defeat Xu Ran, keeping him for now seemed inappropriate. As he watched Xu Ran walk away with ease, You Shengjiang could only shake his head and say, “The exchange continues.”

Elsewhere, after returning to his seat with the resources, Xu Ran turned to Gu Wu.

“Senior Gu, I’mgoingback to the hotel first.”

“Okay, you can go.” Gu Wu answered, looking somewhat perplexed.

It might be for the best that Xu Ran left. Otherwise, he might be killed by the onlooking Beast Masters of Xieyun City through their stares alone, right?

Watching Xu Ran’s retreating figure, Gu Wu’s face broke into a smile.

That was satisfying. So satisfying.

Back at the hotel, before Xu Ran had a chance to check out what the Combat System resource You Shengjiang gave him was, he received another piece of good news.

The exchanged resources had arrived.

“But of course, the logistics of a big city are truly fast.” sighed Xu Ran, turning to look at the overly excited star, “Next, we need to prepare for evolution.”