Chapter 248 - 158: The Power Of Genius Grows Every Day!_2

Chapter 248: Chapter 158: The power of genius grows every day!_2

Translator: 549690339

What Cancan found even more difficult to accept was that in this battle, it seemed she didn’t even have an opportunity to intervene.

Being only an Elite Stage pet, its only role was to stand by Xu Ran’s side.

“Meow?” (Are you really thinking we’re going to lose?)

Ziyun slapped Cancan on the head, full of confidence in its eyes.

They were just temporarily taken away, but after this battle, they would still belong to Cancan.

“Xi Lu!” (Exactly!)

Star nodded in agreement, tapped Cancan’s scale armor with her hoof, indicating it not to speak anymore.

The Milky Bamboo Stone Root would be taken away by them!

Looking at the spirited and confident seniors, Cancan’s eyes were filled with admiration, worship and emotion. She finally stood by Xu Ran’s side in silence.

After making some estimations in his mind, Qin Can on the other side of the fighting platform nodded satisfyingly.

“Bet!”

Although these resources did not quite match the attributes of his own pet beast, the Beast Master Association could convert them into beast master points, so he would not lose anything.

Considering that for making him to take action, Ye Haoming had already given him two general stage resources and after winning against Xu Ran, Vice President You would reward him with a general stage resource, Qin Can’s mood was getting better and better.

Fight one-round, gain six resources; where else could he find such a good deal?

As for losing, Qin Can had not thought about it at all.

There were only two on the opposing team at the leader stage, while his three pet beasts were all at the leader stage and were king-species, each with one or two skills upgraded to the full-moon level.

How could he lose?

If he were to lose, he’d even reverse his last name!

The Hexagram Star Array suddenly shone behind Qin Can’s head.

In the midst of the shrieking winds, three different shaped pet beasts emerged from the storm.

One of them was humanoid and semi-transparent, shrouded in a mist that made it appear as if it was wearing a cloud-like dress.

King species of the super ability attribute, Mist Song Envoy.

Another looked like a rhinoceros, about seven or eight meters in length, covered in a hard rock shell. The heavy body caused the ground to rumble with each step.

King species of the earth attribute, Earth Roaring Rhino.

The last one was small, sometimes visible, sometimes not within the wind, making it hard to see its exact outline, and the occasional laughter came from all directions, making it impossible to predict where its attack would come from.

King species of the wind attribute, Wind Unseen Force.

The moment the three king species appeared, they all looked towards Xu Ran simultaneously. The next moment, an invisible pressure rolled towards Xu Ran and the three pet beasts.

Three-star skill, Waning Moon Level-King’s Power!

The simultaneous eruption of the three king species made the air in the field almost solidify in an instant.

Without even engaging in a fight, Qin Can seemed to be giving Xu Ran a taste of his power.

“Come on, show me what you’ve got!” Qin Can laughed and pointed forcefully in Xu Ran’s direction, triggering the simultaneous action of his three pet beasts.

The Earth Roaring Rhino roared and spikes of rock protruded from its shell in an instant. With the display of enormous earth attribute power around it, it charged towards Xu Ran as if it were an armored vehicle.

Three-star skill, Waning Moon Level-Rock Thorn Armor!

With each step it took, the entire fighting platform exploded with a booming noise. The rebounding force spread in all directions, sweeping towards Xu Ran’s direction!

Three-star skill, Full Moon Level-Earth Shaking Roar!

A chilling wind accompanied the Earth Roaring Rhino’s charge, the green storm morphed into towering tornadoes.

Three-star skill, Waning Moon Level-Tornado Group!

At this moment, the Wind Unseen Force completely hid its trace and breath, like an assassin lurking in the dark ready to launch a deadly attack at any time.

Three-star skill, Full Moon Level-Hidden Wind Charge!

A mournful song echoed in the field, sounding like a frail candle that could be extinguished at any time. Yet even in the fierce wind and the roaring of the earth, nothing could drown it out.

The clear voice, like a sharp needle, penetrated into the mind of Xu Ran and the three little ones, bringing intense pain.

Three-star skill, Waning Moon Level-Soul Subduing Melody!

At the same time, a sea full of floating corpses suddenly appeared before Xu Ran and the three little ones. Ferocious claws emerged from the sea of blood, followed by a sky-full of skeletons killing towards them.

The Earth Roaring Rhino and Wind Unseen Force seemed to disappear at this moment.

Yet the spine-chilling oppressive sense was still unambiguously clear, proving that they have not disappeared but were hidden by some special power.

Three-star skill, Full Moon Level-Bloody Phantasmal Sonata!

One close-quarter attack, one sneak attack, and one interference!

The three king species pet beasts erupted with their fiercest attack in perfect sync in an instant.

Qin Can seemed to disdain and underestimate Xu Ran, but when he actually made his move, he didn’t hold back at all!

Watching from afar as Xu Ran was surrounded by the three pet beasts, a playful smile appeared in Qin Can’s eyes.

Xu Ran, are you scared yet?

Facing the storm-like attack, Xu Ran’s eyes blazed with an equally high fighting spirit.

This was the first time he encountered such a strong opponent.

But so what.

“Ziyun! Star!”

Xu Ran’s cry resonated simultaneously in Ziyun and Star’s minds through the contract sensing.

“Strike, let them see our strength!”

“Meow!” (I’ve been waiting for this moment!)

Ziyun’s eyes flashed with excitement.

Scared? How could it possibly be scared!

As the crushing King’s Power of three Waning Moon Level kings enveloped it, it felt almost ignited.

Star, Amp it up!

“Xi Lu Lu!”@@novelbin@@

Star let out a cry, raising its forefoot high.

The black light enveloped it in an instant, the awe-inspiring momentum at this moment rose step by step, and the eternal night descended.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level- Heart of Eternal Night!

Effect, Dark Attribute skills amplification!

The bright stardust, like a diamond, sparkled on the single horn in the middle of Star’s forehead.

Like a light piercing through the darkness, it instantly tore apart the terrifying blood sea before everyone’s eyes, revealing the Wind Unseen Force sharpening its blade in the wind, the Earth Roaring Rhino that had already sprinted forward, and the Mist Song Envoy with a dumbfounded expression.

Two Star Skill, Waning Moon Level- Immortal Star Attraction!

The next second, Star’s raised forefoot heavily landed on the ground.

The complex dark line pattern appeared around Ziyun in an instant.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level- Night Rune!

At the moment when the three king species pet beasts attacked, Ziyun’s power rose rapidly at a terrifying speed.

220,000… 250,000… 270,000…

Amidst the rapidly changing expressions of the three opponents, the power around Ziyun kept rising until it reached 300,000 before slowly coming to a halt.

The corners of its mouth rose slightly.

The next moment, the invisible pressure turned into ripples and enveloped in all directions from its center.

“Boom!!!”

With a terrifying explosion, it seemed like something in the void was crushed by the terrifying pressure, and the King’s Power that had been suppressing Xu Ran and the three pet beasts were crushed like rotten wood under the higher level Full Moon Level King’s Power.

The increasingly terrible pressure did not reduce, instantly enveloping the three king species pet beasts, whose expressions changed in shock.

The next moment, an imposing voice resounded throughout the field.

“Meow–”

As the voice echoed, a purple lightning struck the one kilometer square fighting platform, covering the entire field with a sea of thunderbolts.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level- Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound!

Range, Full open!!

The incoming tornado was shredded in an instant by the even more violent electric arc. The Wind Unseen Force hidden in the wind let out a painful cry, its petite body outlined by the crazy electric arc and then quickly turned into a burnt figure.

In the terrifying thunder sea that could even pierce through the earth, the Earth Roaring Rhino’s earth attribute felt like a joke. It writhed painfully on the ground. The jumping lightning filled its indestructible rock armor, leaving it defenseless.

The graceful Mist Song Envoy trembled under the thunder strike, even its dress formed by mist was almost torn apart. The moan full of resentment turned into a sharp scream before abruptly ending when it fell to the ground.

The thunder sea scattered, and Qin Can’s three pet beasts were all annihilated.

Looking at Qin Can’s bewildered face, Xu Ran smiled.

“The strength of a genius is improving every single day, isn’t it?”