Chapter 246 - 157: Ziyun, Please Whip Me

Chapter 246: Chapter 157: Ziyun, Please Whip Me

Freely!_2

Translator: 549690339

After a night of intense training and Xu Ran’s enhancement, its Immortal Star Attraction had successfully broken through to the Waning Moon Level!

However, trailing behind Star were Ziyun and Cancan, looking quite dispirited, evidently having not gotten a good night’s sleep.

Probably too excited about its completed evolution, Star couldn’t help but express its joy of becoming stronger last night.

Xu Ran was meditating, so Ziyun and Cancan bore the brunt of it.

Anyone would have trouble sleeping with a creature that continually emitted light and occasionally approached you, telling you that it had finally evolved. Had it not been for the exasperated Ziyun slapping Star, they wouldn’t have been able to sleep the second half of the night.

“How can there be such good luck?” Gu Ling began, “Boss Xu, you chose to evolve last night, surely you must’ve had high confidence in it.”

She glanced back enviously at the Dark Scale Dragon faithfully following behind her.

Although she had encountered many talented young Beast Masters when she was living in Xieyun City, she did not have any contact with them at the time. This exchange and discussion was a novel experience for her as well.

At this moment, a fire known as fighting spirit was burning inside Gu Ling.

She hadn’t obtained the second stage contract power yet since she had just awakened her contract power, but at least she can try to catch up with other Beast Masters in other areas, such as evolution.

For instance, evolution.

There are quite a few Transcendent Level Beast Masters who choose to let their Pet Beasts evolve. If others can do it, there’s no reason she can’t.

After returning to Qjngzhou City this time, she would begin to prepare for the evolution!

At this moment, the other Beast Masters also couldn’t help showing envious expressions.

Their Pet Beasts were still far from evolution.

But Xu Ran had already completed the evolution of two Pet Beasts and breached the Leadership Level.

This kind of gap was truly…

“What are you guys chatting about?”

Gu Wu approached with a composed smile.

Xu Ran’s impressive performance yesterday made him, as the team leader, very proud. Several acquaintances from the Beast Master Association in Xieyun City had taken the initiative to cultivate relationships – an experience he hadn’t had before.

Nothing boosts morale like a happy occasion, and Gu Wu was naturally in a great mood today.

“Xu Ran’s second Pet Beast has evolved.” Gu Ling glanced at her father and nodded towards Xu Ran.

“What’s the commotion about? It’s just an…” The smile onGu Wu’s face froze half-way through his speech.

“…eh?”

He turned his head sharply to look at Star trailing behind Xu Ran, unable to maintain his composed expression anymore.

Even though Xu Ran had mentioned before that he would have his second Pet Beast evolve once he switched Evolution Resources in Xieyun City, is evolution something that could be achieved that easily?

It’s not…

Why is that?!

“Just a stroke of luck,” Xu Ran responded, wearing an innocent smile.

Gu Wu was left speechless.

It should be a happy occasion that Xu Ran became stronger, boosting their odds at today’s exchange and discussion, but he somehow couldn’t muster any joy. Forget it, he was tired, enough was enough.

“Today is the second day of the exchange, let’s move.” His voice lost its cheerfulness, “I’ll explain the rules on the way.”

“There are some changes in the rules from yesterday.”

“The biggest change is the addition of wager battles.” Gu Wu paused slightly, “I mentioned this before, but didn’t go into details, because it wasn’t part of the first day’s agenda.”

“In a wager battle, one party challenges the other with equal stakes. The winner takes all after the fight.”

“The challenged party has the right to refuse, but refusing one same level challenge will forfeit the ability to challenge others for the day.”

“Refusing a challenge from a higher-level Beast Master won’t have this effect, like an Elite Level Beast Master refusing a challenge from a Leadership Level Beast Master.”

Xu Ran stroked his chin, appearing to be in deep thought.

This rule was quite interesting.

This way, unless one had absolutely no interest in wager battles, it would be difficult to reject a same-level challenge.

But…

Glancing back at Ziyun and Star following behind him, a confident and relaxed smile appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

If it were yesterday, he might have had some reservations about the stronger Beast Masters in the Second Level Town.

And now… He really didn’t believe that anyone was stronger than him.

“Of course, you don’t have to choose a duel. You can exchange ideas and spar like yesterday,” Gu Wu smiled, “However, after winning today’s sparring, there won’t be any reward from the Association anymore.”

“Basically, that’s about it. Does everyone understand?”

“Got it!”

Everyone simultaneously nodded.

While conversing, they had already arrived at the site where they had sparred yesterday.

Today’s sparring would also be carried out here.

However, unlike yesterday, the positions of the people from Qjngzhou City had changed.

Under the guide of a staff member, to the surprise of several people from

Qjngzhou City, their location changed from a nondescript corner yesterday to the row of the best seats, just after three second-level towns.

Those who were able to sit in this level of seats were among the best in the three-level towns, and they all owned a King Level Beast Master.

In a blink of an eye, they understood.

The only factor for this change could be Xu Ran.

“In anyplace, the most powerful comes first,” Gu Wu smiled, not surprised, “Let’s sit.”

Everyone responded, and took their seats.

As soon as Xu Ran sat down, he felt a pat on his shoulder.

Xu Jiujiu leaned in front of Xu Ran with a mischievous face and lowered her voice, “Boss Xu, doyou want a wife?”

Xu Ran: “???”

“Look, look.” Xu Jiujiu chuckled, lowered her voice, and pointed at a distance, @@novelbin@@

” There’ s a girl looking at you over there!”

Xu Ran turned his head and saw an indeed, a girl from another third-level town was looking at him. She quickly looked away when he noticed her.

However, glancing around, Xu Ran’s face quickly showed a helpless expression. “There are so many people looking at me, and quite a few of them are men!” Presumably, the reason they were watching him was because of how he had suppressed the Leadership Level Beast Master of Xieyun City yesterday, right? “Do you also want men?!”

Xu Jiujiu exclaimed, this time without lowering her voice, and was heard by a large group around them.

The field suddenly quieted down.

Xu Ran clenched his fists, and a vein bulged on his forehead.

“Xuljiu! Jiu!”

“Ah!” Xu Jiujiu quickly covered her mouth, but her eyes still carried the expression of “I didn’t know you were that kind of person”.

With this, it seemed even more like an attempt to cover up the truth.

Feeling the increasingly strange gazes around him, Xu Ran took a deep breath. Nevermind, he should ignore these antic like behaviour from a woman.

Time quickly reached the official start of the exchange. Like yesterday, You Shengjiang stood on his Overlord stage tiger pet beast, descending from the sky.

The shock brought by the sight of the Imperial Crown, whether visual or spiritual, had not diminished at all.

It seemed that after being humiliated by Xu Ran yesterday, You Shengjiang had made today’s show-off longer, presumably to boost the morale of the Beast Masters in Xieyun City.

His gaze swept the crowd below until he found Xu Ran, where he breathed a sigh of relief.

Good, he came.

This kid made Xieyun City lose a lot of face yesterday.

The young genius Beast Master who led the Xieyun City Beast Master

Association was defeated just like a broken bamboo by a Beast Master from a third-level town. It was unbearable for anyone.

What made him even more annoyed was that this kid just walked away. He did not even try to recover some dignity.

Today, he was definitely going to recover that lost reputation.

With that thought in mind, You Shengjiang’s eyes fell on a corner of the Beast Master seats in Xieyun City. When he saw a slender young man with golden hair who had not appeared yesterday, his heart settled a bit.

This lazy kid is finally here.

In a split second, You Shengjiang pulled back his grandeur, landed slowly, and spoke loudly, echoing in all directions.

“Today’s exchange is officially starting!”