Chapter 249 - 159: Boss Xu Never Forgets His Original Intentionl

Chapter 249: Chapter 159: Boss Xu Never Forgets His Original Intentionl

Translator: 549690339

Hearing Xu Ran repeat his words before the match, Qin Can couldn’t help but shoot him a resentful glance.

This damned guy!

However, in the next moment, seeing Xu Ran pull out a flag from his backpack, Qin Can was taken aback, even his disappointment from his defeat was momentarily subdued.

What is this guy… doing?

The same question arose in the hearts of all those unfamiliar with Xu Ran.

Among the seats of Qingzhou City, the Beast Masters who had known Xu Ran for more than a day were now revealing strange expressions.

“Did any of you notice… Xu Ran brought a bag on stage?” Xu Jiujiu asked gloomily.

“Didn’t notice.” Su Xiaoxiao helplessly held her forehead, “Everyone’s attention was on that Qin Can guy earlier, Boss Xu just went up like that…”

“I heard before that Boss Xu likes to advertise, but I never saw it with my own eyes.” Mou Mengdan couldn’t help widening her eyes, a puzzled look on her face, “But, is there any use in advertising outside of Qingzhou City?”

Others nodded in agreement, evidently carrying the same question in their hearts.

Would Beast Masters from other cities risk coming to Qingzhou City for Washing and Protection because of an advertisement? @@novelbin@@

This question was answered in the next second.

Because Xu Ran, under the gaze of the crowd, finally unfurled that flag and started waving it vigorously.

In the wind, the flag rustled, and the gilded letters on it became incredibly eye-catching.

“Starfire Foster Care Shop Xieyun City branch is about to open, stay tuned!”

Upon seeing the words on the flag, the venue fell into a strange silence.

The next moment, an uproar burst forth.

Clearly, no one expected that this youth, who came from a small city and yet defeated the strongest young Beast Master of Xieyun City, would act like this…

Unexpectedly.

“Does Little Xu have a branch in Xieyun City?” Even Gu Wu, couldn’t hold it in anymore at this moment, he turned to look at the others.

Everyone looked at each other until Gu Ling seemed to recall something and said quietly, “Boss Xu seemed to have asked me yesterday afternoon about where to find a real estate agent in Xieyun City…”

Hearing this, everyone fell silent.

“So…” Gu Wu’s mouth twitched slightly, looking at Xu Ran who was still waving the flag on the stage, “He bought a shop yesterday, hasn’t opened it yet, but is already advertising in advance to preheat?”

“What I’m more worried about is that, now that Boss Xu has a branch here, what will happen to the shop in Qingzhou City.” Su Xiaoxiao, resting her cheek on her hand, looked troubled, “I don’t want Little Flame to be taken care of by Teacher Tony!”

Reminded by Su Xiaoxiao of this, everyone’s expressions turned complex.

“Instead of worrying about this, why not take the opportunity to ask Boss Xu directly?” Gu Ling rubbed Su Xiaoxiao’s head and suggested quietly.

“Yes!” Su Xiaoxiao nodded, “Let’s do that!”

“Xu Ran, huh, I will remember you.”

Handing the Milky Bamboo Stone Root to Xu Ran, Qin Can wore a disgruntled expression.

His dissatisfaction wasn’t because he had lost to Xu Ran.

It was because…

This guy advertised using his defeat!

Wasn’t this taking advantage of him?

When did he, Qin Can, start getting taken advantage of by others?

“Wait. When we meet again in Xieyun City, I will eventually reclaim this defeat!”

After dropping a harsh statement, Qin Can turned and left.

Well, this…

Xu Ran shook his head helplessly and handed the jade box, now in his possession, to Cancan, “Here you go.”

“Charming ”

Raising its front paws to hug the jade box, Cancan’s eyes suddenly teared up.

“What happened?” Asked a surprised Xu Ran.

Even Ziyun and Star who had just teamed up to secure a win, showed a cautious and wary expression on their faces.

“Charming!” (It’snothing!)

Cancan cradled the jade box with one paw and wiped away its tears with the other, shaking its head continuously.

It didn’ t know why it was crying.

But seeing Xu Ran, Ziyun, and Star go all out to win such precious resources for it, while it couldn’t help in any way throughout, feeling like a mere spectator, it suddenly felt very upset.

As if it was the one dragging the team down.

“Meow-” (Don’t cry, don’t cry!)

Ziyun hastily patted Cancan’s head with a paw, his face filled with anxiety and concern.

This little one, why did he suddenly start crying?

“XiLu~” (It’s alright.)

Star dropped its head to nuzzle Cancan’s cheek.

The purple crystal-like eyes full of reassurance and affirmation gradually calmed Cancan’s nerves.

“When Star first met us, Ziyun had already reached the Elite Stage, and Star hadn’t Awaken yet and was just an ordinary creature.” Through Contractual Sensing, Xu Ran sensed the crux of Cancan’s troubles and began to speak softly.

“Charming?” (Is that true?)

Cancan looked up at Star, a look of surprise on its face.

Star, who has always been leading it, was once just an ordinary creature?

“XiLu!” (That’sright!)

Star nodded, giving a positive reply.

Xu Ran laughed, “You see, it has now caught up with Ziyun and can stand on its own.”

“You started later, but that’s okay.” He reached out and gently stroked Cancan’s head, “In the future, you will definitely catch up with them soon.” “Charming!” (Okay!)

Cancan nodded furiously, its spirits quickly recovered, and any trace of its previous distress was gone.