Chapter 247 - 158: The Power Of Genius Grows

Chapter 247: Chapter 158: The power of genius grows

every day!_1

Translator: 549690339

“The exchange has finally begun!”

In the Beast Master’s seat of Xieyun City, Ye Haoming couldn’t help but sit upright.

He glanced at the youngster who had his hands behind his back, legs crossed and eyes closed in recuperation, and couldn’t help but speak softly, ”Qin Can, when are you planning to make your move?”

■’Don’t rush me.” Qin Can didn’t even bother lifting his eyes, “Let me sleep a@@novelbin@@

little longer.”

Ye Haoming helplessly shook his head.

Combining the previous rumors and the firsthand experience of last night, he had gained a good understanding of Qin Can’s character, so he casually commented, “If another Beast Master defeats Xu Ran, the reward from Vice

President You will be gone…”

“Swoosh!”

A faint sound of wind whirring could be heard, and the figure leaning in the

chair had already disappeared.

In the center of the field, a figure appeared.

“Qin Can of Xieyun City, challenges Xu Ran of Qingzhou City.”

Qin Can flicked his golden fringe, letting the sunlight shine on his handsome

face, and shouted towards the direction of Qingzhou City.

This caused a ripple effect.

Ever since Xu Ran defeated the Leadership-level Beast Master of Xieyun City yesterday, everyone speculated that Xieyun City would retaliate in some way. But the surprise was that they showed their intentions right from the start of the exchange.

The field was echoing with debates.

At Qingzhou City’s seating area, everyone’s eyes were focused on Xu Ran.

“This guy wasn’t with Xieyun City’s team yesterday.” Lyu Guang began in a deep voice, “There’s no pet beast by his side either, so it’s hard to gauge his power.”

“I think I’ve heard of him before.” Gu Ling, sitting beside him, looked at Qin

Can’s signature golden fringe and a hint of uncertainty flashed in his eyes. “If the rumors are true, it’s likely that all three of his pet beasts have already

evolved.”

As Gu Ling finished speaking, the expressions of others subtly changed.

Yesterday, the strongest Beast Master of Xieyun City only had two evolved pet beasts. This guy was supposedly stronger?

Despite the evolution of Star, everyone was suddenly apprehensive about the upcoming fight of Xu Ran.

“What Ling’er said is right.” Gu Wu slowly nodded, “There are quite a few Beast Masters in Xieyun City who have broken through to the Leadership level before the age of twenty-five. But only he has managed to fully evolve all three pet beasts before that age.”

“This is Qin Can, the strongest young Beast Master of Xieyun City.

“He didn’t participate in yesterday’s exchange. If he’s here today, it is likely

that he’s targeting Xu Ran.” GuWu turned to Xu Ran, “Becareful.”

“Okay.” Xu Ran just nodded slightly, obviously not too intimidated by the slightly less handsome youth on the stage.

So what if he has three King species?

There are differences even among Kings.

“Let’s go, we are joining in.” Xu Ran slowly spoke, before leading Three little ones on stage one step after another.

“So, how much information have you gathered from your companions about me?”

Looking at Xu Ran who had just stepped on the stage, Qin Can slightly tilted his head, revealing a «-degree side profile, “Unfortunately, that information is already outdated.”

“Because the power of a genius becomes stronger every single day!

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

This is the strongest young Beast Master of Xieyun City?

“What are we betting on for this game?”

“An Earth attribute General Stage Resource.” Qin Can pulled out a jade box from his waist and slowly opened it.

Sitting in his seat, Ye Haoming couldn’t help but feel a sting in his eyes. This resource was valuable. In order to tempt Xu Ran to accept the wager, he had done his homework on the attributes of Xu Ran’s three pet beasts and had chosen a suitable resource.

The moment the jade box opened, an overwhelming sense of power stormed

out.

Inside the box was an ordinary-looking root system, still covered in mud.

But the moment Cancan saw it, her breathing became noticeably rapid.

She felt intensely attracted to the resource in front of her.

“The Earth attribute General Stage Resource, the Milky Bamboo Stone Root.” Qin Can chuckled, “The natural formation of stalactite and stalagmites happened to grow together, absorbing a large amount of Earth attribute power to transform from stone to actual trees.

“The roots of such stone trees possess exceptionally active Earth attribute power. Upon absorption, it will enhance Earth attribute Skills to a certain extent and can absorb power over a long period.”

“It’s worth 3,200 Beast Master Points.”

“Can you present a bet of the same value?’

Earth attribute…

Xu Ran couldn’t help but glance at Cancan, who was fixated on the Milky Bamboo Stone Root.

Despite having gathered all the evolution resources, Cancan currently did not have a resource that could enhance her capabilities.

This Milky Bamboo Stone Root could be utilized not just now; Cancan could continue to leverage it even after her evolution, breaking through to the

Leadership Stage.

However, it seemed he was unable to stake a wager of the same value…

Before Xu Ran could respond, Star suddenly let out a screech.

“Xi Lu Lu!” (Bet my Star Refining Dark Stone!)

“Meow-” (And my Resonance Bead!)

Ziyun licked her paw, an eager look flashing in her eyes.

These two resources, obtained since their arrival at Xieyun City, were worth

1,800 and 1,600 Beast Master Points, respectively.

Added together, they were worth a total of 3,400 Beast Master Points.

Since some of the power had already been absorbed, the value decreased somewhat, but it was still of equivalent value to the opposing wager.

“Charming!” (No!!!)

Seeing the resources presented by Ziyun and Star, Cancan’s eyes widened. Having spent day and night with the two of them, Cancan was beyond aware of their need for the General Stage resources.

Yet now, for her sake, they were willing to put up everything they had.