Chapter 242 - 155: Mad Dash Under The Moonlit Night_2

Chapter 242: Chapter 155: Mad Dash under the Moonlit Night_2

Translator: 549690339

“Vice President You has also made a statement. Whoever defeats Xu Ran tomorrow will receive a reward personally from him, which is the equivalent of four General stage resources!”

After saying this, Ye Haoming felt a pang in his heart.

No matter what, he was the one that lost to Xu Ran, causing the Beast Master Association of Xieyun City to lose face, so he had to take some responsibility.

If not for this, he wouldn’t be as willing to cut his losses.

“I say… aren’t you confused about something?” The young man shook his head and crossed his legs, “Let me do the math for you.”

“For the duel, Xu Ran must also put up a General stage resource. If I win, the resource is mine. That’s fair enough, right?”

“Fair enough.” Ye Haoming nodded.

“Vice President You rewards one on his personal account, that’s his reward. If I win over Xu Ran and achieve it, that’s also fair enough, right?”

“…Fair enough.”

Ye Haoming nodded again, but his movement was slower this time.

He had a feeling that something wasn’t right.

“You’re offering one resource for the duel. This resource must be provided regardless of whom you’re asking to duel. In other words, it’s not exclusively for me, right?”

“No… Wait…”

Ye Haoming furrowed his brow, sensing a problem here.

Before Ye Haoming could figure it out, the young man grinned and clapped his hands together, “You see, which means you’re giving me a General stage resource for seeking my help.”

“Not enough, add some more.”

“That… add one more?” Ye Haoming instinctively went along with the young man’s suggestion.

“Alright, that’s settled.” The young man bared his white teeth in a bright grin, “I promise to help you secure victory tomorrow!”

“My reputation, Qin Can, is guaranteed.” The young man stood up, gave Ye Haoming’s shoulder a pat and gently pushed him out, “See you, no need to walk me out.”

“Hey!” Ye Haoming finally realized the trick in their conversation. When he turned to argue further, he found the door was already closed, with a ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign hanging on it.

Ye Haoming:”…”

He was tricked by Qin Can.

“Hello, based on your needs, we have finally selected this space for you. What do you think?”

In a shop that hadn’t been renovated, the real estate agent showed a polite smile to Xu Ran.

“Pretty good.”

Xu Ran looked around and nodded satisfactorily.

This shop was larger than the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City.

Of course, it was only slightly larger in terms of appearance.

And the layouts of both places were similar; both were two-story buildings with the upstairs that could be remodeled as a living area.

As for the location, it was within the third ring of Xieyun City. Although not in the city center, it was much more bustling than the original location in Qingzhou City.

The key point was, the price was not high.

“Three million seven hundred thousand paid in full, right?” Xu Ran turned to the real estate agent, “I’ll pay in full. Can you handle the paperwork and miscellaneous details for me?”

“Of course we can!” The agent showed deep respect, “Sir, please follow me to make the payment, and the shop will be yours.”

“Let’s go!” Xu Ran snapped his fingers and followed the agent to complete the payment.

An hour later, the shop was officially transferred to Xu Ran’s name.

Xu Ran looked at the system panel.

[Main Task 2: Prevention Before Disaster]

Task Description: Please upgrade the system clerk to the system store manager and own a shop in any Second Level Town.

Task Reward: System ClerkX2, System Upgrade Experience+200]

With a shop in Xieyun City, half of Main Task 2 was completed.

Next, he needed to promote Teacher Tony to the system store manager.

Thinking of the large amount of resources needed for the upgrade, Xu Ran felt a headache coming on.

This would have to wait until Cancan successfully evolves.

The priority of the three little ones’ evolution is, of course, higher than the system task.

However… there was another matter that needed to be scheduled.

Xu Ran rubbed his chin.

Since he already had a shop, the opening of a branch was not far off.

Although it hasn’t officially opened yet, a little preheating couldn’t hurt.

He needed to think of a way to advertise, to let the name of the Starfire Foster Shop appear in the public eye in Xieyun City.

“So, I still have to participate in tomorrow’s friendly exchange.” Xu Ran sighed lightly, “Well, for the sake of business, it doesn’t matter.”

Looking at the somewhat dim sky, Xu Ran turned his head and saw the three little ones carrying big and small packages at their side.

Well… mainly Star and Cancan were carrying them.

Ziyun was lazily lying on Cancan’s shell, claiming it was to constantly feel the weight of the 3000-point debt, but in reality, it was just taking a lazy break after a tiring afternoon of shopping.

“Let’s go, we’ll first return to the hotel to put down our stuff, and then prepare for the evolution.”

The venue for the evolution had already been found by Xu Ran in the afternoon. It was a long winding mountain road in Xieyun City that wasn’t lit at night. This should be the place that best meets the requirements for the evolution ritual in Xu Ran’s opinion.

It’s night.

Bright lights were up, moonlight pierced through, stars filled the night sky.

One man and his three little beasts hopped into a familiar cab, heading to the previously spotted winding mountain road.

“There’s really no streetlight, perfect.” Xu Ran nodded with satisfaction, then looked at the sky with a hint of helplessness, “But this moonlight…”

With the moonlight, it couldn’t be considered pure darkness, could it?

“Xi Lu!” (I want to try!)

Star spoke with conviction.

“Are you sure?” Xu Ran’s expression became a bit serious, “If something goes wrong with the ritual, the evolution might become very difficult.”

Star nodded again.

It still wasn’t clear what pure darkness was.

But it didn’ t want to wait any longer.

It wanted to transcend itself, catch up with Ziyun’s pace, and become more powerful.

Only then could it be of more help to everyone.

Feeling Star’s aspirations, Xu Ran was slightly touched.

He fell silent for a moment, then slowly said, “If that’s the case, I will accompany you through the evolution.”

“Meow-” (And me too!)

“Charming!” (And me too!)

Ziyun and Cancan both raised their paws in unison.

With a sense of touched feeling in their eyes, Star snorted and nodded emphatically.

After swallowing all the evolution resources prepared by Xu Ran, Star unshrank and returned to its four-meter height, with the Night Demon Dragon’s single horn fixed around its neck.

Xu Ran, holding Ziyun and Cancan, climbed onto Star’s back. They were at the foot of the winding mountain road, pointing toward the mountain top.

“Let’s go!”

“Xi Lu Lu!!!”

Star let out a soaring cry, turned off the Heart of Eternal Night, and began to sprint mightily toward the front.

Run!

Start running!

The resources that were just swallowed are now exploding within Star’s body. Unruly energy seeped through every inch of its body. Xu Ran and the two little beasts on Star

1

s back could feel this unusually clearly.

“Meow!” (It’s starting!)

Having gone through one evolution, Ziyun looked solemn.

it knew that this was the most tormenting stage.

Come on, Star!

“Xi Lu!”

Star screamed out in pain. The energy explosion felt like spinning blades tearing its body apart, causing extreme pain all over. It seemed like it wanted to melt into Star.

However, it seemed to lack some guidance, this uncontrollable power was running wild inside Star’s body like a headless fly, but it still couldn’t be fully absorbed.

What’s worse was that the resonating energy from the absorbed resources was still erupting continuously.

This put Star under increasing pressure and agony.

“Meow-” (This state seems a bit wrong!)

Focusing intently on watching Star’s changes, Ziyun became a bit anxious.

Though its own evolution had also been tough, the energy was always being absorbed under some unknown guidance, unlike Star’s current situation where it was becoming more and more violent, but completely unable to absorb at all.

Feeling Star’s increasingly unstable state, a worried look appeared in Xu Ran’s eyes as well.

Could it really be due to the moonlight?

Xu Ran jerkily raised his head to look at the radiant moon in the sky.

A bolt of lightning flashed through Xu Ran’s mind.

Something’s not right, something’s not right!

What is darkness?

Complete darkness is when you can’t see anything.

Even if there was no moonlight, Star, as a dark attribute beast, could still see everything around it due to its night vision ability.

So… @@novelbin@@

“Star, close your eyes and run!”