Chapter 244 - 156 Darker Than Night! Brighter Than Stars !_2

Chapter 244: Chapter 156 Darker than night! Brighter than stars !_2

Translator: 549690339

Although the light was shaky, it seemed that it would soon be consumed again. Yet, at this moment, the light was straight ahead of it, guiding it in its frenzied sprint!

Its steps became increasingly firm, the power overwhelming its body no longer bound its movements, they only lent more force to its strides.

“Clip-clop…clip-clop…”

In the silence of the night, the continuous sound of Star’s firm hooves colliding with the road echoed out.

Feeling Star’s determination, the light of the White Scar shone even brighter.

In the dumbstruck presence of Xu Ran and the two little ones, the White Scar which initially had been faltering like a lonely boat amidst a storm, was surprisingly starting to push back against the dark single horn!

White light began to spread on the single horn!

The single horn trembled slightly, as if angered, and seemed fearful as well. More power exploded from within it, trying to extinguish the last glimmer of light that was stubbornly resisting.

The two began a tug-of-war confrontation!

Xu Ran’s expression turned thoughtful.

The White Scar was a power Star had possessed since its awakening. It used to look more like a beautiful embellishment. This power was hidden deep within Star.

But now, under the erosion of the single horn, this power was ignited.

So…

If the White Scar triumphed over the single horn, would Star successfully complete its evolution?

Thinking about it, Xu Ran cast an encouraging glance at Star.

This was a battle they couldn’t intervene in, a struggle originating from Star itself.

So, hang in there!

As if it felt Xu Ran’s gaze, Star’s fighting spirit grew more vigorous and the light of the White Scar on its forehead shone even brighter and more sparkling.

The power within the Night Demon Dragon’s horn, which had exploded, was continuously weakening, while the power of the White Scar derived from Star was ceaseless.

As time passed, the balance of advantage silently tipped between them.

In the end, light shone on the outline of the Night Demon Dragon’s single horn, ripped apart the residual dark power within the horn, and calmed the crazily trembling horn rapidly.

The next moment, the White Scar began migrating from Star’s forehead.

The base of the single horn was already touching the White Scar. It began to spread from the base to the tip of the horn, eventually resting on the tip, staining the very end white.

Xu Ran quietly released his grip that had been holding the single horn.

Somehow, the single horn once a meter long had now shrunk to half a meter, as if it had been polished, radiating the light of obsidian and emanating the aura of Star itself.

He knew from this moment on, the single horn no longer belonged to the Night Demon Dragon.

It was Star’s own single horn.

A dark single horn sparkling with starlight!

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star let out a stirring cry. As the showdown between the White Scar and the single horn concluded, its struggle with darkness was unknowingly drawing to a close.

The white light was getting closer and closer, as if it were within reach.

Its robust hooves exploded with powerful strength. Star jumped with all its might, trying to reach that guiding radiance in its darkest hour.

The white light transformed into countless images the moment it touched.

It saw its father, who had always been its idol and goal, guiding it to run when it was young.

It never possessed any transcendent powers, and would tire out after just a moment. Whenever this happened, its father would never turn back, he would just silently slow down to ensure he was always in its sight.

It saw Xu Ran bringing out the Awakening Stone and placing it on its forehead, fulfilling its lifelong dream.

In its previous state of being immersed in the fantasy of awakening, it did not realize what was happening in the world outside. However, this time, from a god’s-eye view, it saw Xu Ran standing by its side the whole time, his eyes filled with anticipation.

It saw Ziyun taking it around, while it was still naive after just awakening, to every corner of the foster care area.

The foster care residents who, at the time were strangers, became familiar to it quickly through Ziyun’s introduction. Tempered by Ziyun’s poise with Star freshly integrated into the foster care community, they warmed up and helped him adapt to his new life quickly.

It saw Cancan just after birth trailing behind it, listening to the introduction of the residents as patiently as Ziyun had done for it.

Star, who had never been a senior before, was quite insecure in its heart. But Cancan’s adoring look and ever-present curiosity about the world filled it with a sense of responsibility for the first time.

It had thought the light guiding it was a dark star in the sky, a kindred soul to its own condition.

At this moment, it realized that the guiding light had always been by its side.

“Xi Lu Lu!!!”

Amidst a cacophony of complex emotions, brilliant white light erupted all around Star.

Its strength soared visibly as it continued to ascend dramatically. At the same time, its shape within the bright light began to transform.

In this moment, it was not only evolving but also advancing!

Star, who was originally four meters tall, visibly grew stronger, maintaining its original size without getting bigger.

On its initially pure black body, faint starlight appeared intermittally, like a flowing star chart, each fleeting image slightly different after each flash.

Dazzling purple light appeared on Star’s purple hooves. Each step produced a swirling star-cloud light at the place where Star’s foot landed.

A pointed horn dyed white at the tip, sparkling with an unquenchable brilliant light, as splendid as a diamond. It was like a bright star in the blackness.

It no longer needed the guidance of starlight, because the starlight was on it!

When the light faded, Star, in a new form, carried Xu Ran and the two small ones, galloping freely on the mountain road.

At this moment, it was not for evolution, but for indulgence of its inner heart. “Charge!”

Looking at Star, who was in high spirits, Xu Ran laughed heartily, not immediately interrupting its galloping, but silently opening the system panel.

[Contract Pet Beast: Star

Race Name: Star God Horse

Attribute: DarkAttribute

Growth Stage: Leadership Stage (17.9w/30w)[ + )

Race Stage: King Species

Skills:

[★★★Night Rune (Full MoonLevel)](o/loooo)[ + ]

[★★★Fated Star Pulling (Full Moon Level)](o/loooo)[+]

[★★★Night Inspection (Waning Moon Level)](315/2OOO)[+]

[★★★Moon Concealment Star Racing (WaningMoon Level)](3O1/2OOO)[ + ]

[★★★Heart of Eternal Night (Full Moon Level)](0/10000)[ + ]

[★★★King’s Power( Stardust Level)](o/ioo)[ + ]

[★★Immortal Star Attraction(Stardust Level)](o/loo)[+]]

There are two more skills… @@novelbin@@

Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Unlike the changes before and after Ziyun’s evolution, perhaps because there was no new second attribute, Star’s previous skills did not change at all.

The two extra skills, one of which is the King’s Power that the King Species must master, and the other one is the two-star skill Immortal Star Attraction…

“Star, cast Immortal Star Attraction!”

“Xi Lu!” (Okay!)

Star neighed, its eyes flickered with excited emotions.

It just so happened that it wanted to try this new skill.

As power surged, Star’s single horn became even more brilliant, dazzling light circulated at the tip of the horn, as if it was about to turn the whole horn completely white.

An unusual power spread from the horn all around, and Xu Ran felt that everything around him seemed to become brighter.

Even though it was a dark attribute pet beast, it had a skill that could emit light…

Xu Ran chuckled and then opened his mouth to ask, “What is the specific effect of this skill?”

Based on the current situation, it seemed impossible to make a direct judgment.

Star knew this as well, and immediately began to explain the specific effects of this skill.

After it finished, surprised expressions crossed the faces of Xu Ran and the two small ones.

The effect of this skill was extraordinary.

It could break all illusions and lies, guiding the path with starlight.

Because there were no illusions around at the moment, the light just now seemed unimpressive.

If there were illusions around, the light just now could have instantly made the illusions disappear.

The frequency of using this skill may not be too high, but it is crucial at certain key moments.

“Very good.” Xu Ran nodded seriously, and a satisfied look appeared on his face.

Star’s previous skills had already formed a system of their own. At this time, the Immortal Star Attraction was a kind of perfection to Star’s auxiliary abilities, making it able to cope with more complex combat situations.

Then next…

“Xi Lu!” (Addpoint!)