Chapter 245 - 157: Ziyun, Please Whip Me Freelyil

Chapter 245: Chapter 157: Ziyun, Please Whip Me Freelyil

Translator: 549690339

Growth Stage:Leadership Stage (179k/3OOk)[ + ]

‘V’V’V

Growth Stage: Leadership Stage (193k/3OOk)[ + ]

The 13,465 physical points that Star had previously exchanged were finally put to use at this moment.

In the short time after the evolution, Star, which had originally stagnated, with a big gap away from Ziyun’s power, had now come close to Ziyun.

However, Ziyun was not at all flustered.

After all, its growth stage progress has officially broken through 200k through the continuous absorption over the past few days.

Next, it and Star started off at the same starting line and, all Beast Master Points and Remaining Value Points are reduced to zero. There’s no way Star could catch up!

If you really want to compare, it has a huge advantage in skill proficiency over Star!

“Xi Lu- ” (Keep adding Skill Points!)

A sense of excitement and anticipation appeared in Star’s eyes when it cried out.

The remaining 519 Skill Points from the last exchange are now put into use at this moment.

The Three Star Skill “King’s Power” and the Two Stars Skill “Immortal Star Attraction”, both newly awakened, could breakthrough from Stardust Level to Starlight Level today!

Even though they still have a considerable disparity from the other skills, focusing on training these two skills next would soon catch up to the other skills.

After all, for Transcendent Beings at the Leadership Stage, Stardust Level and Starlight Level skills show increased proficiency, and their efficiency is higher.

“I suggest you hold off on using skill points,” Xu Ran smiled, “From 0 proficiency to Waning Moon Level requires 600 skill points. With your Leadership stage strength, training Stardust Level skills is very efficient. It’s not impossible to improve by 81 points overnight.”

“Therefore, if you train a skill first and use skill points afterwards, you can raise either King’s Power or Immortal Star Attraction to Waning Moon Level before tomorrow’s exchange event.”

“Xi Lu~” (Is that so…)

Star seemed to ponder Xu Ran’s suggestion.

Xu Ran’s suggestion, is quite tempting for it.

But the question now is which skill to choose.

Star glanced at Ziyun and had an answer in its mind

Train Immortal Star Attraction first!

Even if King’s Power is a higher-level skill, Ziyun, which also belongs to King Species, has already mastered it. Even if its proficiency improves quickly, it won’t surpass Ziyun, which is already at Full Moon Level, and its help in tomorrow’s battle is limited.

It would be better to enhance Immortal Star Attraction. What if it comes in handy tomorrow?

“Xi Lu~” (I will train Immortal Star Attraction!)

“It’s a good choice.” Xu Ran nodded slightly before suddenly thinking of something and smiled, “Actually, there is a special way to train King’s Power that’s faster than what I taught Ziyun.”

“Meow?” (What is it?)

Ziyun abruptly looked up, showing a curious expression.

After its evolution was complete, Xu Ran taught it how to train several newly awakened skills, including King’s Power.

Does the Beast Master have an ace up his sleeve?

“This training method couldn’t be implemented before.” Xu Ran patted its little head seeing Ziyun’s puzzlement, “But it can now, but it will only work for Star.”

“Meow?” (So what’s the method?)

Ziyun looked disappointed.

Dammit, it was the first to master King’s Power!

“The method lets a Pet Beast with higher King’s Power proficiency keep releasing the skill, while the one with lower proficiency defends with its own King’s Power. In this process, the proficiency of King’s Power will skyrocket.” Eh?

Eh?!

After hearing Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun couldn’t help looking at Star with a bewildered expression on its face.

So… do I have to use King’s Power to oppress Star?

The confusion in Star’s eyes quickly faded, replaced by excitement.

Big Sis using Full Moon’s King’s Power to suppress itself could improve its skill proficiency quickly?

That would save so many Skill Points!

“Xi Lu!” (Please whip me as much as you want!)

Ziyun:”???”

“Meow!” (I won’t do it!)

Ziyun rolled its eyes dramatically.

Isn’t this just naked sparring?

It won’t do such a time-consuming and frustrating…

“Xi Lu!” (100 value points for one day, I’ll give you next time!)

“Meow!!!” (Deal!!!)

Ziyun’s eyes lit up, and it quickly nodded.

You should’ve said there was a reward!

100 Value Points a day, let’s do it!

Xu Ran’s smile twitched slightly, and a smile appeared in his eyes.

These little guys have discovered a new use for value points again.

“It’s getting late, let’s go back to the hotel.” Xu Ran chuckled, “We have to perform well tomorrow and advertise for our new shop!”

“Meow!”

“Xi Lu!”

“Charming!”

The thought of advertising made the three little ones all excited at the same time.

With advertising, there will be more business.

With more business, Xu Ran will give them more resources! @@novelbin@@

For the sake of resources, let’s press on!

“Holy shit!”

Early the next morning, when the people of Qingzhou City convened again, a surprised shout came out from the crowd.

Xu Jiujiu’s expression was exaggerated, her eyes wide open as she looked at Star, who was following behind Xu Ran and had completely changed its shape and was emanating the powerful force of the Leadership Stage, she couldn’t help but shudder.

“You evolved successfully in just one night?”

“Pure luck, it’s all pure luck.” Xu Ran spoke with a hearty laugh.

Behind him, Star, its glowing single horn lifted high, looked radiant even after staying awake the whole night.