Chapter 243 - 156 Darker Than Night! Brighter Than Stars!_L

Chapter 243: Chapter 156 Darker than night! Brighter than stars!_l

Translator: 549690339

“Xi Lu!”

In pain, Star let out a hoarse cry, his eyes quickly closing shut.

He could no longer see the stars and moonlight outlining the mountain road, no longer could he rely on his own night vision to roam freely in the darkness.

The closed eyelids shielded his purple crystal-like eyes, blocking all the light from the outside world.

Thus, pure darkness descended.

In a moment, Star felt as though he had lost his way. Coupled with the tearing pain all around him, his movement became uncertain.

Could he continue to move forward?

Would he stumble?

Just then, a voice came, resolute, breaking through his hesitation.

“Don’t be afraid, charge forward!”

“I’ll guide you!”

It was Xu Ran’s voice!

Slowly, Star’s brows relaxed, his expression easing.

Bearing the pervasive pain, he once again moved his sturdy hooves, charging ahead without a second thought.

Even ifhecouldn’tsee anything ontheroad, evenifhecouldn’tseethe obstacles, couldn’t see the bends in the mountain road, at this moment, Star felt a sense of tranquility in his heart.

The savage and disorderly power surging within him seemed to find direction in response to the change in his emotional state.

They began to merge bit by bit with Star’s body, transforming into Star’s own power.

Star’s momentum increased visibly, and the pain around him appeared to lessen at that moment.

However, Xu Ran, Ziyun and Cancan still had their brows furrowed.

They noticed that while all other resources had begun to be absorbed, the single horn that had always been hanging around Star’s neck hadn’t moved at all.

This was the main material for evolution!

Without it, how could the evolution be successful?

“Turn right ahead!”

Xu Ran remained steadfast, continuing to guide Star’s direction with a determined tone. However, his eyes carried a hint of worry, and he exchanged a glance with Ziyun.

Ziyun was staring intently at the horn of the mature Night Demon Dragon, her face showing signs of contemplation.

Although she had evolved once before, her evolution didn’t have much in common with Star’s, and she could only offer limited help at this moment.

The refusal of the horn of the mature Night Demon Dragon to be absorbed, could it be that it couldn’t simply be hung on the body, but should be worn in another way?

Ziyun glanced over at an innocent Cancan and slightly nodded.

A horn, after all, should naturally grow on the head!

As Ziyun shared her conjecture via their contract bond, Xu Ran also lightly nodded.

That seemed like a reasonable explanation.

A horn that grew on the head, huh…

“Star, keep running, I’ll help you change the place where you wear the horn!” Xu Ran boomed. And, facing the oncoming strong wind, he removed the Night Demon Dragon horn hanging from Star’s neck and attached it to the top of Star’s head.

After a moment, Xu Ran shook his head slightly.

This mere attachment was still not enough to enable Star to absorb the energy.

Then let’s try another method!

Xu Ran’s gaze landed on the white scar between Star’s eyebrows.

This white scar was the most striking part of Star’s body as it had a color that was entirely distinct from the rest.

At this moment, Xu Ran had an idea. He tightly gripped the base of the horn and pressed it hard against the white scar between Star’s eyebrows.

The next second, something extraordinary happened.

The horn that had previously shown no response, even though it was filled with massive energy, suddenly exploded with a deep light.

Even in the black of night, Xu Ran could see that black power was rapidly flowing into Star’s forehead, as if to paint everything black.

“Xi Lu!”

An icy sensation enveloped Star, causing his sturdy body to shudder involuntarily, as if all the light was being swallowed at that moment.

He had a feeling that even if he were to open his eyes now, nothing would be clear.

He attempted to open his eyes, and everything was as he predicted.

Everything had fallen into darkness.

He’d felt this before.

It was when he was awakening, when he stepped into complete darkness, unable to search for anything.

And now, such darkness had come again.

Watching Star, whose fur had turned from purple to black at the tips, whose eyes were pitch black and devoid of any spirit, Xu Ran’s eyes showed a trace of realization.

So that’s how it is.

This is the true, pure darkness.

Previously when he had told Star to close his eyes, it barely fulfilled the conditions necessary to absorb the resources. It was more of a stroke of luck.

It was also because closing his eyes allowed Star to absorb power from the other resources, but failed to absorb any from the Night Demon Dragon’s horn, that Xu Ran had noticed the abnormality with the horn.

Immediately after, Xu Ran turned his attention to Star’s forehead.

Even now, the white scar on Star’s forehead remained strikingly noticeable.

The dark and overwhelming power from within the horn was spreading from the edge of the white scar, trying to consume the last bit of non-black existence.

But that white scar was incredibly resilient.

As if stimulated by the power of darkness, under the wide astonished eyes of Xu Ran and the others, it actually began to emit a faint glow!

“This…” Xu Ran’s eyes widened in shock.

The white scar on Star’s forehead was this unique? @@novelbin@@

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Star suddenly let out a defiant roar, as the white scar began to glow, bringing a faint light into the world of darkness he was in.