Chapter 241 - 155: Mad Dash Under The Moonlit

Chapter 241: Chapter 155: Mad Dash under the Moonlit

Night_l @@novelbin@@

Translator: 549690339

“First, let’s check the resources-”

After receiving the alloy box containing all the resources from the hands of the powerful distributor, Xu Ran, along with the three little ones, elegantly came to the hotel room and started to check them from the opened alloy box.

Just one look, and Star saw what it had been longing for day and night, the Night Demon Dragon single horn.

“xilu!” (This is it!)

Star’s voice was filled with excitement. All the preparations for the evolution had come to an end, it was time to undergo the final transformation!

It had already felt, the power that, without deliberately increasing, was still getting stronger, hiding within its body.

If it was delayed any further, it might really not be able to hold back the advancement.

No time to lose!

“Let me see…” Xu Ran held the single horn, about one meter in length, in his hands and carefully felt it.

The texture of the horn was not quite what he had imagined.

He initially thought a dragon’s horn should be hard, even covered with layer upon layer of keratin, extremely rough.

But the feel of the Night Demon Dragon’s horn was quite smooth, and it felt great to touch.

Of course, what’s more important is the powerful dark attribute power it harbors.

“This thing obviously isn’t food.” Xu Ran glanced at it, and handed it over to Star, “Hl hang it on you later, and you can use it to complete the evolution.” “xilu!” (Good!)

Star excitedly took the single horn, feeling the somewhat familiar power inside it, with anticipation in its eyes.

“According to the evolution ritual, you should be running wildly in the pure darkness, transcending to the utmost extent before you exhaust your last breath, and finally complete the evolution.”

Xu Ran paused slightly, “In fact, I still don’t really know what pure darkness really is.”

“But it certainly won’t be during the day, so let’s try it tonight.”

“xilu!” (Uhhuh!)

Star nodded heavily.

Next, Xu Ran began to check the other resources in the alloy box.

This included all the materials for Cancan’s evolution.

Despite the heavy debt of 3000 points, seeing all her evolution materials gathered, and taking a solid step towards evolution, a joyful expression appeared on Cancan’s face.

It’s worth it! Everything is worth it!

Ziyun also gained two pieces of fighting attribute resources.

One was the Resonance Bead exchanged for Beast Master points before, and the other was the resources just won.

It was a resource that looked like a claw bone.

Xu Ran compared them in the exchange list, and ultimately confirmed this resource was named Cracked Claw Bone. It could effectively improve the power of claw attacks and there was a certain chance to comprehend a three-star skill called Shredding Sky Cracks during the absorption process.

This resource was worth 24.00 points in the exchange list.

This was Xu Ran’s first encounter with a resource that had a chance to comprehend a skill. Although it had limited improvement on strength, both he and Ziyun felt it was very worthwhile.

If they managed to comprehend a three-star skill, it would be equivalent to saving 2000 value points. Moreover, the boost to claw skills could also be applied to the Destruction Thunder Claw.

In spite of dishonoring the face of Xieyun City, You Shengjiang still gave him such a great resource.

This way, the people of Xieyun City didn’t seem too bad.

“It’s not night yet, let’s go out for a walk.” Xu Ran looked at the time and shrugged, “Evolution can only begin at night, maybe we can take a stroll now, get familiar with the nearby environment, and also purchase the shop?”

He hadn’t forgotten about the main task 2.

Once he purchased a shop in Xieyun City, half of this task would be completed.

Having managed for so long, Xu Ran hadn’t calculated carefully, but he had quite a few million in his account, and buying a shop shouldn’t be a problem.

After all, the system did not specify the size.

As for Xu Ran’s suggestion, the three little ones naturally agreed.

They packed up the alloy box,andtheman with the three pets happily walked out of the hotel.

The first step in shopping, first have a lunch!

“knock knock knock- ”

The sound of knuckles tapping on the wooden surface of the table, producing a crisp sound mixed with a somewhat muffled sound.

Before long, the knocking stopped, the owner of the hand lifted it and looked at the sullen-looking young man in front of him.

“So… you were defeated by a Beast Master from a level 3 town?”

If Xu Ran were here, he would recognize the young man at a glance. He was Ye Haoming, who had lost to him earlier today.

“Let me explain.” A look of helplessness appeared on Ye Haoming’s face, “That guy only had one pet beast that had broken through the leadership stage, but not only had that pet beast evolved into a king species, all the skills it currently uses were of full moon level…”

He glanced at the young man across from him, “And that pet beast is very powerful, not like one that just advanced.”

“I guess, surely Qingzhou City made great efforts to groom such a pet beast for him in advance for the exchange meeting, and contracted it right after the contract power broke through the third stage.” Ye Haoming spoke resentfully.

“Anyway, you lost, and begged me to take revenge for you tomorrow.” The young man spoke calmly, “You know, before Vice President You approached me, I had refused to participate, because I don’t like bullying the weak.”

“So…” It seemed Ye Haoming had heard some rumors about the young man in front of him, and he looked at him tentatively.

“It costs extra!” The young man spoke indifferently.

“…Alright!” Ye Haoming gritted his teeth, “Tomorrow’s exchange format is a bit different from today’s, you duel him, I’ll provide the resources for the duel, after you win, the two items are yours, and in addition, I’ll give you one general stage resource.”