Chapter 252 - 160: Boss Cat’S Promise. 2

Chapter 252: Chapter 160: Boss Cat’s Promise. 2

Translator: 549690339??? —

All evidence suggested that moving development from Qingzhou City to Xieyun City was a choice Xu Ran had to make.

While he had many old friends in Qingzhou City, it wasn’t as if he couldn’t go back.??

6

If Gu Wu could traverse the Beast Field all by himself, once Xu Ran broke through to the fourth Stage of contract power, he naturally could too.

By then, a trip back to Qingzhou City wouldn’t take much time.

He even worried about his future lottery draws being cursed without Liu Gu around.

“So Boss Xu, what about the shop in Qingzhou City if you leave?” Su Xiaoxiao suddenly thought of something, her face changing to a peculiar expression, “Wouldn’t all the work be left to Teacher Tony?”

“Not necessarily.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, “I will still hire two more shop assistants later, who will be responsible for the shop in Qingzhou City with Teacher Tony.”

“So…” Su Xiaoxiao cautiously asked, “The two new shop assistants you ‘re hiring won’t be like Teacher Tony, will they?”

Xu Ran:”…”

Su Xiaoxiao’s words silenced him.

He really didn’t know about that.

The system shouldn’t be that unreasonable, right?

Since it’s random, he should get a more normal shop assistant next time, right? Even if the second one was still abnormal, there was still a third new shop assistant.

He refused to accept that out of three system shop assistants, none would be normal.

“We will!” Xu Ran took a deep breath, “There has to be one normal shop assistant!”

“That’s good.”

Unaware of what kind of shop assistant Xu Ran, who didn’t even know what he might get himself, would hire, Su Xiaoxiao felt reassured and let out a sigh of relief under the impression that Xu Ran had promised her.

All she worried about was three Tony-style shopkeepers taking over the storefront. Being reassured about this, she felt at ease.

After Xu Ran explained the situation, the others left one after another.

Tomorrow they will be heading back to Qingzhou City. Most of the group were visiting Xieyun City for the first time, so they naturally wanted to get a good look at the grandeur of the big city and bring back some local products.

Xu Ran had the same plan. Even though he had strolled around the bustling streets the day before, it didn’t mean he couldn’t continue shopping with his three little ones.

The repercussions brought by defeating the Leadership Level Beast Masters of Xieyun City didn’t even cross Xu Ran’s mind as he spent half the day leisurely strolling around.

The next morning, as they exited the majestic city gate of Xieyun City, the Red – eyed Demon Dragon soared into the sky, carrying Xu Ran and the others, all heading back towards Qingzhou City.

“Finally home!”

After a day’s journey, Xu Ran, along with the three little ones, eventually returned to the Foster Shop, bidding the others farewell at the square in front of the Beast Master Association in Qingzhou City.

“Welcome home- Brother- ”

Looking at Tony, who was holding a pink heart-shaped cake with candles lit on it, and winking at him from inside the shop, Xu Ran tersely shut the door with a “pang” in silence.

System, please don’t let the future shop assistants be like this.

Reopening the door and bracing himself against Tony’s reproachful eyes, Xu Ran took a deep breath, “How’s everything in the shop since I’ve been gone?” “Everything is fine.” Tony smiled, “The fostered pet beasts have been eating well-”????????????????

b

Alright, I understand.” Xu Ran rubbed his temples, “Now that I’m back, let’s getbacktonormaloperations.”

“No problem, boss.” Tony winked at Xu Ran, “Are you really not going to taste the special heart cake I prepared? The four candles represent the four days you were absent because…”

He suddenly made a heart shape with his hand towards Xu Ran, “The days without you feel like years- ”

Has it really been four days since I last saw Tony…

Xu Ran reflected in silence.

Perhaps this was why his resistance to Tony had weakened.

“I’ll eat the cake later, you go and take care of the training area first.” Sighing inwardly, Xu Ran accepted the cake and waved Tony away.

“Okay, boss. I’ve already finished feeding the fostered pet beasts for you this morning- ” Tony stepped lightly and entered the back door.

Xu Ran casually dug a piece of cake and put it in his mouth.

Hmm…

Tony’s culinary skills are really good.

“You three have a try too, it’s Tony’s well-intentioned gesture after all.”

The three little ones looked at each other, tentatively tasted it, then their eyes lit up. It didn’t take long for them to devour the cake.

He pushed open the door of the shop, hanging up the business sign.

After a four-day hiatus, Starfire Foster Shop resumed operations.

After consuming the cake, the three small beasts quickly slipped off to the training area.

Having spent four days without training in the training area, they were very uncomfortable. They vowed to work harder to make up for the previous training volume.

The previously much more powerful Ziyun, now felt a slight crisis with Star’s evolution and advance.

It was the first pet beast to make a contract with Xu Ran, arriving at the foster shop the earliest.

If the upcoming Star was to surpass her, how could she allow Star to call her big sister?

6

Therefore, on the new day of training, Ziyun changed her usual routine of training a bit and then being idle a bit. The frequency of training significantly increased.

As for Star, who just advanced, she also broke through to the Leadership Stage. There is too much room for her to improve. She was always the most hardworking one in the team and would not slack off at this moment.

And then there’s Cancan.

After fighting the day before yesterday, her heart set a big goal. For the first time, she didn’t need Ziyun and Star to urge her before she took the initiative to rush to the Earth Attribute Training Area for tough training.

While sitting in the shop waiting for customers to come, Xu Ran felt the three little ones’ tremendous enthusiasm. A gratified smile appeared on his face.

The pet beasts’ hard work is also a kind of incentive for him.

He needs to work hard for the business to gather resources for them!

So why have the customers not yet come?

Perhaps it was because business was suspended for four days, and many customers did not know that the Starfire Foster Shop had started operating again. Almost half an hour passed with no customers coming in.

This was rarely the case once Starfire got popular.

However, Xu Ran didn’t have to wait too long.

An unexpected figure appeared at the shop door.

“Boss Cat? How did you get here?”

Seeing the sturdy figure outside the door, Xu Ran showed a smile, “Here for washing and maintenance? It’s all yours now, no customers yet.”’

“Meow-”

Not washing and protecting me.

Boss Cat shook his head slightly.

“Not here for washing and protection?” Xu Ran blinked, “Then you…”

“Twee-”

An unfamiliar voice interrupted him.

Hmm?

Looking around, Xu Ran’s face showed confusion.

Where did the sound come from?

The next second, he saw a small white head cautiously peeking out from the top of Boss Cat’s head, looking at him.

“Meow-”

It’s him who needs washing and protection.

Boss Cat’s eyes were filled with laughter. He grabbed the little one hiding behind him with both paws, held him in his palms, and slowly handed it to Xu Ran.

Only then did Xu Ran get a clear look at the little one who had just made the noise.

It was a bird pet beast about the size of a football. Unlike ordinary birds, it had thick white fur all over. A pair of purplish-black little claws lethargically dangled in front of its belly, aided by the elevation from Boss Cat.

It had two wings that did not match its body size, fluttering occasionally but powerless to lift it.

Two white long feathers sprang up from its eyebrows, the tips of which were dyed blue, the only non-white area in its fur.

What attracted Xu Ran the most were its two sea-blue eyes, which shone like sapphires, and a glance was enough to lose oneself in them.

After making eye contact with Xu Ran, the little one tilted its head, raised a

wing to block its front, and opened its pinkish-blue beak.

“Twee-”

“Ah… sorry, I was lost in thought.” Xu Ran shook his head, snapping back to reality, “So it’s this little guy who needs washing and maintenance, right?” “Twee!” @@novelbin@@

The little one nodded vigorously, her eyes filled with anticipation.

Xu Ran nodded and took another look at the little creature in front of him.

As of today, he has seen many different kinds of pet beasts.

However, he still couldn’t quite tell what breed this stray pet beast was.

So, a system identification is necessary.

[Race name: Velvet Sparrow

Attribute: Super ability

Growth stage: Elite stage

Body Type: Small size

Maintenance Need: ★★★#*

Evaluation: A princess in distress, who needs to be comforted with skilled hands.]