Chapter 259 - 164 The Guardian’S Funeral_L

Chapter 259: Chapter 164 The Guardian’s Funeral_l

Translator: 549690339 |

Time, in its inadvertent passing, leaves traces of the years on everything, which no one can avoid or erase.

It felt like just a moment, but a week has already passed. @@novelbin@@

The day that Huo Huo, the pet beast who agreed to come, has arrived.

Early in the morning, Xu Ran opened the shop door, but set up a “Temporarily Closed Today” sign outside. To the customers who came to inquire, he politely declined them with a smile.

The Starfire Foster Care Shop, today, opens for a special guest.

The three little ones didn’t rush into the training area for their daily eight-hour training. Instead, they accompanied Xu Ran in the storefront on the first floor, waiting for the guest to arrive.

Besides the three little ones, at another corner of the store counter that Ziyun likes the most, a Velvet Sparrow, the size of a soccer ball, lazily props its small paws on the counter, allowing the morning sunlight to fall on its soft, shiny fur.

Its small paw moved a bit, and the Velvet Sparrow turned its head to look at Xu Ran. Its voice naturally appeared in the minds of all living creatures in the store.

“Chirp?” (When are they coming?)

“They should be here soon.” Xu Ran glanced at the clock on the wall and then at the Velvet Sparrow.

Because of the decision to take in the Velvet Sparrow a week ago, the Starfire Foster Care Shop gained an additional little rascal.

Unlike other fostered residents, the Velvet Sparrow is very curious about the outside world, spending five or six hours wandering outside every day before returning home in time for meals.

Considering that the Velvet Sparrow had lived outside the city for a long time, Xu Ran understood this and simply reminded it to be careful.

However, as they spent more time together and he learned about the Velvet Sparrow’s strength, he felt his reminders were somewhat redundant.

As an Elite-stage beast, the Velvet Sparrow, aside from not having a Three-Star Skill, could suppress Cancan in various aspects, and even had a skill that had reached the Full Moon level.

Two-star skill, Order of No Conquest.

This skill, like psychological suggestion, could silently control others and was indeed horrifying if used nefariously.

Two-star skill, Illusory Scenery.

This skill could form false images, sounds, and breath fluctuations within a certain range around the Velvet Sparrow, misleading those outside of this range.

Among the many illusion-type skills, the manifesting method of Illusory Scenery was quite special because it misled those outside its effective range, which meant it had a limitless effect range.

However, this skill could be directly countered by Star’s Immortal Star Attraction.

This made the Velvet Sparrow feel very embarrassed when its illusion was instantly uncovered by Star a few days ago, and it vowed secretly never to use this skill in front of Star again.

Two-star skill, Shadow of Deterrence.

This skill allowed the Velvet Sparrow to remember the breath and suppression of powerful beings two stages above them and replicate it during critical moments, to achieve a shocking and influencing effect on the spiritual level when paired with Superpower Attribute’s assault on consciousness.

Unlike Illusory Scenery, the essence of this skill was a mental attack, and thus Star’s Immortal Star Attraction could not crack it.

Two-star skill, Soul Shatter Roar.

This was solely a mental attack skill as well as the Velvet Sparrow’s only straightforward offensive skill. Currently, it was also the Velvet Sparrow’s only skill that was at the Starlight Level.

It was evident that it didn’t prefer to be offensive.

Finally, it had a skill that helped the Velvet Sparrow communicate effortlessly with other creatures.

One-star skill, Mind Induction.

With these skills, it was virtually impossible for the Velvet Sparrow to encounter any danger in Qingzhou City unless it purposely caused trouble.

“Chirp-” (Alright, let’s wait a little longer.)

The Velvet Sparrow, waving its small paw, looked outside the shop door, anticipation sparkling in its eyes.

After learning about today’s event from Cancan two days ago, it had become intensely curious about the pet beast called Huo Huo.

Even after living in a human city for ten days and seeing many deep bonds between pet beasts and human Beast Masters, it still found it hard to understand why, for the sake of a deceased human, a beast would voluntarily give up a freer life to protect the human’s descendants day in and day out for hundreds of years. What’s the meaning of such a gesture?

So, the Velvet Sparrow insisted on going along to see for itself and hopefully get a chance to ask Huo Huo in person, seeking to clarify its inner doubts.

Xu Ran didn’t object to the Velvet Sparrow’s participation.

Having this beast act as a temporary translator was reasonable. After all, it was not being kept for nothing.

“Sure-” (They’rehere.)

Cancan slightly raised her head, her eyes reflecting seriousness.

After integrating the Earthquake Wave, her newly enhanced Three-Star Skill, Echoing of Earth Vein, gave Cancan a wide range of detection abilities.

With this detection ability, Cancan could sense a powerful but seemingly old creature, heading straight for the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Are they here?

Xu Ran and the other three little ones quickly composed themselves, their expressions becoming more serious.

A moment later, the heavy sound of footsteps arrived from outside the shop, gradually becoming clearer.

A black dog type pet beast, five meters long and enveloped in red flames, walked into the shop.

Its black short hair was not sleek and shiny, but rather dotted with patches of brown, much like age spots left by over-aging.

Its figure was also slightly off, with somewhat atrophied muscles clinging to its bones. This caused what should have been a sleek and athletic being to appear thin and unhealthy.