Chapter 251 - 160: Boss Cat’S Promise. _1

Chapter 251: Chapter 160: Boss Cat’s Promise. _1

Translator: 549690339 |

“Meow-”

From now on, just follow me.

After finishing the delicious food, Boss Cat started to speak in a low voice.

“Chirp?”

Follow you?

The little one looked up with a thoughtful expression in its eyes.

This big guy is also a Transcendent Being, but it can live alone in a human city.

If I follow it, can I learn how to live in human cities too?

Most importantly, learn how to earn money!

That way, it could buy delicious human food for itself!

With the lingering taste of the meal, the little one patted its belly with its wings, displaying a look of satisfaction.

This kind of food is something it can’t find in the Beast Field. It decided it would not leave until it had tried every kind of food available!

Thinking of this, the little one nodded its head.

It’ll follow this big guy for a while!

“Meow-”

Let’s go, I’ll take you where I live. @@novelbin@@

Upon seeing the little one agreeing to follow it, Boss Cat showed a satisfied expression. It led the little one deeper into the alleyway, all the while chatting.

“Meow-”

We will go to the Starfire Foster Care Shop for a wash and protection when it reopens.

“Chirp?”

Wash and protection?

The little one tilted its head and trailed behind Boss Cat, anticipation in its eyes.

During its three days of exploring human cities, it had become familiar with the concept of Pet Beast Foster shops. They were places where human Beast Masters temporarily placed their Pet Beasts, which provided various services for the beasts.

They gave baths to the Pet Beasts, even trained them.

In the Beast Field, only the offspring of the Beast King received such treatment.

They were served by water attribute Transcendent Beings who bathe them and various Transcendent Beings helping them improve their skill proficiency.

Here, every single Pet Beast could enjoy that.

Having escaped from the Core Zone of the Beast Field, it had been a long time since it had been served by a water attribute Transcendent Being. Its white feathers had become dull due to the dust, causing it significant discomfort.

Thinking that as an offspring of the Beast King, it could be served by humans, a flicker of contentment rose in the little one’s heart.

Such an experience, its other siblings surely wouldn’t have had!

“Chirp?”

How much does the washing and protection cost? Treat it as a loan from me! I will pay you back once I have earned money!

It also remembered the twenty pieces it owed Boss Cat for the food. Once it learned to make money, it would definitely pay back at the first chance!

It, the little princess of the Beast Field, would never owe someone!

“Meow-”

Don’t worry about the cost of washing and protection, that shop offers it for free to stray Pet Beasts.

“Chirp?”

Stray Pet Beasts?

“Meow-”

Adrift ones, like us.

So in human cities, they refer to creatures like Boss Cat as stray Pet Beasts…

The little one’s azure eyes sparkled with thought.

If that’s the case, then from now on, it too was a stray Pet Beast!

“Chirp?”

Why does the shop offer free services to us?

The little one couldn’t help but ask, driven by curiosity.

In the past few days, it had noted that money was very important to humans, needed for everything from food to clothing, housing, and commuting.

As the washing and protecting services should cost money, wouldn’t the human shop owner suffer a huge loss by providing it for free?

A sense of amusement flickered in Boss Cat’s eyes as it explained how the Starfire Foster Care Shop could afford to give stray Pet Beasts free services.

Upon hearing this, the little one’s eyes began to fill with yearning and hope.

So they offer these services for free so stray beasts can find suitable Beast Masters, making them look good…

Such beings truly exist among humans.

Indeed, its parent was wrong!

“Boss Xu, are you really going to open a branch in Xieyun City?”

Upon their return to the hotel, Su Xiaoxiao gazed at Xu Ran with reluctance, “Does this mean you won’t be returning with us tomorrow?”

“Not at all,” Xu Ran responded, baffled. “The branch in Xieyun City won’t open for a while; I’ll of course return to Qingzhou City first.”

“Alright then.” Hearing Xu Ran’s words, Su Xiaoxiao seemed to breathe a sigh of relief.

If she was no longer able to train and receive services at Xu Ran’s shop, it would be disastrous.

“Once the new branch is open, Boss Xu, will you stay in Qingzhou City or move to Xieyun City?” Gu Ling curiously asked.

“Hmm…” Xu Ran stroked his chin. “I haven’t thought about it yet, but I’ll probably move to Xieyun City.”

After spending several days in Xieyun City and seeing the difference between a second-level town and a third-level town, Xu Ran felt increasingly confident about his decision to expand into the bigger city.

He’d already reached B Level in Plucking Fur, but so far had only received a three-star skill from Gu Wu because only Gu Wu had such a skill amongst all those who brought their beasts to his shop in Qingzhou City.

Moreover, Gu Wu mostly brought his beasts for training, not washing and protection.

Although his shop offered services for King Stage beasts, he had not served a single King Level Beast Master since none were in Qingzhou City.

In contrast, consider Xieyun City: the number of General Level Beast Masters was in the triple digits, and there were eighteen King Level Beast Masters.

Treating these high-level Beast Masters at his shop would yield a higher profit. And let’s not forget about the evolution materials for the ‘Three little ones . It would be extremely difficult to gather these in Qingzhou City, whereas Cancan was lucky enough to gather all she needed during a single trip to Xieyun City.