Chapter 257 - 163 First Gathering Of The Four Little Ones_I

Chapter 257: Chapter 163 First Gathering of the Four Little Ones_i

Translator: 549690339

“Meow-” (How’s the effects of the Milky Bamboo Stone Root?)

“Charming!” (Brilliant! I feel my power growing so fast!)

“Xi Lu- ” (After all, this resource is worth three thousand four hundred Beast Master Points, more expensive than other resources.)

The three little ones who finished their eight-hour training regrouped inside the elevator connected to the foster area and the training zone, discussing the day’s training.

Following behind Ziyun and Star, Cancan’s eyes were filled with anticipation for the future.

Already, three of its five talent skills have reached Three Stars. The remaining two talent skills and the taught skill, Dragon Power, are strong Two Stars. It only needs to merge another Two-Star Skill with each, and it can achieve the All Skills Three-Star Achievement.

As for the All Skills Waning Moon level, no problem at all!

In this way, all the evolution conditions can be completed.

Plus the evolution materials it already gathered… @@novelbin@@

“Charming!” (If all goes well, after the next resource allocation, I’d be ready to evolve!)

The anticipation in Cancan’s eyes deepened a few more shades.

The Milky Bamboo Stone Root, as an expensive resource even among the Marshal Level, boosts him greatly – an Elite Stage beast. By the time it evolves, it may have already reached the peak of the Elite Stage.

Then, like brother Star, it could complete the advancement during the evolution, jumping from the Elite Stage Leader Species to the Leader Stage King Species, making a leap in quality and catching up with seniors Ziyun and Star!

“Meow-” (Damn, I’m so envious-)

Ziyun, the first to complete the evolution, couldn’t help but shake his head and sigh.

It no longer remembered how many resource allocations it had been through since it started preparing for evolution, only that it had taken a long time.

On the contrary, Cancan is almost ready to evolve after just two resource allocations.

“Xi Lu-“(Indeed-)

Star nodded in agreement.

Its evolution, like Ziyu’s, also took a long time.

The two beasts that had already evolved looked at each other, reaching a conclusion.

Indeed, the early bird gets the worm, the latecomer gets the benefit!

Hearing the words of the two seniors, Cancan scratched his head in embarrassment, aware that he had inadvertently given them a significant psychological shadow. He quickly looked around, attempting to change the subject.

Upon looking, he indeed made a discovery about the foster area.

“Charming?” (Who’s that, a new resident?)

Cancan raised his paw and pointed to a small white furball wandering around.

“Xi Lu~” (We got an extra living area.)

The attentive Star quickly noticed the living area Xu Ran had carved out for the Velvet Sparrow and pointed in that direction.

“Meow?” (Shall we go over, say hello?)

Reflected in Ziyun’s heterochromatic eyes was the round-bodied Velvet Sparrow, its interesting appearance piqued its interest.

For some reason, looking at this guy, it suddenly felt an urge to pounce on it, hold it in its front paws, then kick it with its hind legs, slap it away, and then chase after it to repeat the kick…

As it shook its head to squash this terrifying thought, Ziyun led the way to the Velvet Sparrow, with Cancan and Star following closely behind.

“Chirp-” (Thanks for your answer, let’s get along well from now on!) Having greeted yet another Pet Beast, Velvet Sparrow nodded in satisfaction. After its departure, the blue glow in the eyes of the Fire Monkey standing in place silently faded. It then resumed its happy bouncing around the volcanic crater as if nothing had happened.

Seeing this, Velvet Sparrow turned its head and waddled towards another residential area in the foster area.

Spent several hours, it was visiting the neighbors in the foster area.

Velvet Sparrow was curious about the reasons these neighbors came here.

If it could learn from them the stories about their Beast Masters, that would be even better.

Knowing more about them would help it understand human society more.

Among the other residents of the foster area, some were very friendly, like the Armored Rhinoceros that happily rolled in the Mud Pond. It answered Velvet Sparrow’s questions and even supplied the story of the Shadow Chaser Lizard. However, some residents were not so accommodating.

Like that Fire Monkey just now.

Whenever this happened, Velvet Sparrow had to slightly exert its power.

Two Stars Skill, Full Moon Level Order of No Conquest.

It subtly influenced others using Super Ability Attribute power, altering their behavioral Models without even they themselves noticing.

This is the core skill of the Velvet Sparrow tribe, feared by countless Transcendent Beings in the core zone of the Beast Field.

After upgrading this skill to Full Moon Level at the Elite Stage, Velvet Sparrow could deal with any situation among peers.

Of course, this power is not omnipotent.

If the power difference between two is too great, the other can easily resist this influence. In that case, Velvet Sparrow just had to humbly admit its defeat.

Before reaching the next resident’s area, Velvet Sparrow’s steps halted.

It saw three pet beasts approaching in its direction.

Two of them carried the aura of the Leadership Stage creatures.

And…

One of them, a Leader Stage creature, seemed to bear faint malice towards itself.

Has its identity been discovered?

The heart of Velvet Sparrow tightened. Standing still, it anxiously watched the newcomers, assessing whether the other party was a friend or foe and how it should respond.

“Charming!” (Are you the new resident who just moved in today?)

Cancan approached Velvet Sparrow boldly, even circled around it once, appeared curious about the little furball’s power level.