Chapter 256 - 162: The Mysterious Velvet Sparrow_2

Chapter 256: Chapter 162: The Mysterious Velvet Sparrow_2

Translator: 549690339

Having spent so much time with Boss Cat, he started feeling that this big fellow didn’t act much like a Pet Beast, but rather like a human being.

If he wanted to join a hunting squad…

“How about… I introduce you to one?” Xu Ran tentatively suggested.

“Meow?”

Boss Cat blinked, then quickly nodded.

It was worried about which hunting squad to join.

After all, it had never dealt with a hunting squad before.

“Wait a moment.” Xu Ran quietly picked up his phone and dialed Zhang Yun.

“Hey, Team Leader Zhang, is your Tiger Hunting Squad short of men… no, short of beasts, I mean. A Leadership Stage Furious Battle Cat… oh okay, come on over.”

On the other side, Zhang Yun, who was currently gobbling up noodles at a street stall, put down his chopsticks. He let out a hearty laugh to the astonishment of the fellow diners.

“Check, please!”

A moment later, watching the departing backs of Zhang Yun and Boss Cat, Xu Ran couldn’t help but smile.

He knew everyone from the Tiger Hunting Squad well, and he was certain that they would get along with Boss Cat just fine. @@novelbin@@

With Boss Cat, a Leadership Stage creature, the Tiger Hunting Squad would be even more formidable and less prone to dangerous situations.

In this way, Lucky Liu would also be safe, making it easy for himself to opportunistically soak up some luck in the future.

It was a win-win solution.

“Let’s go. I will showyou around downstairs.” Xu Ran, accompanied by the Velvet Sparrow, went down the passageway behind the back door.

“Chirp?” (Is the place I’m staying below here?)

The Velvet Sparrow curiously looked all around, and when it reached the foster area, its eyes widened.

“Chirp!” (It’s so big!)

” This area is yours from now on.”

Xu Ran quickly assigned the Sparrow its area, making it into a living area suited for a super ability attribute creature that aligned with its living habits.

Seeing the Velvet Sparrow’s satisfied expression, Xu Ran nodded in agreement, “Is there anything else you need?”

“Chirp?” (Can I leave the shop and wander outside?)

The Velvet Sparrow looked at him, a hopeful and satisfied look in its eyes.

“Of course,” Xu Ran nodded, “When you want to go out, just follow the path we just went down. I won’t limit your movements, but…”

He paused for a moment, “Remember to come back for meals.”

“Chirp!” (Okay!)

The Velvet Sparrow’s eyes spiked with excitement.

With free food and lodging and the liberty to roam around and familiarize itself with the city of humans, life couldn’t get any better!

Go back to the Beast Field? Not even a bit interested!

Today it wouldn’t venture out.

The Velvet Sparrow looked at the living areas of the other Foster Care Residents.

It had to take a good tour around here!

After settling down the Velvet Sparrow, Xu Ran stretched lazily and returned to the storefront.

To his surprise, there was a new customer waiting at the store.

From his silhouette, he seemed to be a young boy.

At the moment, he was staring at the price menu, deep in thought.

“Hello,” seeing the unfamiliar face, Xu Ran immediately brightened up and walked over. “How can I assist you?”

“I heard from friends that your shop has the best washing and protection services in Qingzhou City, is that true?” The young boy turned to look at Xu Ran, his face serious and cautious.

“I wouldn’t say we’re the best.” Xu Ran modestly replied, then paused for a beat, “But none of our customers have ever been unsatisfied with our washing and protection services.”

“That’s good.” The young boy nodded, then hesitated before asking, “Do you accept all types of Pet Beasts for washing and protection here?”

“We accept any Pet Beast as long as it’s not larger than Super Large Size, and its growth stage is not higher than the King Stage.” Curiosity flickered in Xu Ran’s eyes as he listened to the boy’s question, “Does your pet have anything unusual about it?”

“Yes…” The young boy nodded, “It meets the size and growth stage criteria, but…”

The youngster’s eyes suddenly dimmed a bit, “It’s dying.”

“Then you should find a place with treatment capabilities.” Xu Ran’s gaze became more solemn, “Washing and protection cannot treat the injuries of a pet beast.”

“No, Huo Huo is not injured.” The youngster shook his head slightly, “Its lifespan has reached its end.”

“The lifespan has reached its end?” A look of astonishment appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

The lifespan of transcendent beings is not short.

Depending on the species, their lives vary in length. However, they live longer than ordinary creatures, and their lifespan continues to increase as their growth stage rises.

In this era, the majority of transcendent beings die because of serious injuries that have not been cured. Very few live a long healthy life to die of old age.

“May I ask, what’s the situation with the pet beast named Huo Huo?” Xu Ran couldn’t help asking.

“Alright.”

The boy nodded, hesitated for a moment as if organizing his words, and then slowly started to speak.

“When I was born, Huo Huo was already very old.”

“The story about it was told to me by my father.”

“Many, many years ago, it was the pet dog of my great-grandfather.” Great-grandfather…

Xu Ran gasped.

Going back several hundred years to my father’s ancestors, no wonder its lifespan has reached the endpoint.

“Then, Huo Huo accidentally underwent a change and became a transcendent being. My great-grandfather, however, did not have the talent for taming beasts.” There was a hint of nostalgia in the boy’s eyes.

“My great-grandfather thought about entrusting it to one of his friends, but Huo Huo was devoted to my great-grandfather. Even if it couldn’t become his pet beast, it never left his side.”

“Because there was no beast taming contract, Huo Huo advanced all the way without any restrictions, breaking through to the leadership stage. My great-grandfather was not a beast master, but because he had Huo Huo, even elite level beast masters dared not offend him.”

“Later, my great-grandfather passed away.” The boy sighed, “Huo Huo stopped eating and drinking for half a month until it gradually accepted the reality.”

“Since then, it has stayed with us, guarding my great-grandfather’s descendants, all the way to my generation.”

“Many of my great-grandfather’s descendants were beast masters. My father is even a leadership-level beast master.”

“But everyone in our family respects Huo Huo and treats it like an elder.”

“Now that its life is coming to an end, we’ve tried many ways to prolong its life, all to no avail. There’s no hope of it evolving further given its current state.” “Transcendent beings have a premonition when their lives are about to end, Huo Huo has told us that it will leave us in one week.”

“Our family no longer needs its protection, it can be at ease.”

The youngster shook his head slightly, “So, I think, at least before it leaves this world, it should be done in a more dignified manner.”

Xu Ran’s expression gradually became solemn, “I see, I understand now.”

“Well, that’s roughly the situation, so, Boss Xu, can you do such washing and protection?” The youngster raised his head, stared at Xu Ran with hopeful eyes. “Yes!” Xu Ran nods without hesitation, “Of course.”

“And it’s free of charge.”

“Huh?” The youngster blinked, “There’s no need for that, our family is quite wealthy, we can afford the cost of a washing and protection session…”

“No, it’s a token of my goodwill.” Xu Ran shook his head.

The story of the dog type pet beast named Huo Huo, guarding a family for nine generations, touched him deeply.

He didn’t consider himself a philanthropist, but after hearing the other party’s story, he wanted to do what he could. He decided to provide a free washing and protection service when Huo Huo’s life was at its end.

“This…” The boy stared into Xu Ran’s eyes, seemingly understanding his intentions, his eyes filled with gratitude. He took a step back and bowed slightly.

“Boss Xu, I really can’t thankyou enough.”

“It’s my pleasure.” Xu Ran laughed. “In seven days, right? Do you need me to come to your place for the washing and protection?”

“No need,” the boy shook his head. “Despite its old age, Huo Huo is a

Leadership Stage Pet Beast. It can move by itself. That was its wish.”

Xu Ran understood.

Even at the very end of its life, it refused to show weakness…

He was very eager to meet this pet beast called Huo Huo.