Chapter 258 - 163 First Gathering Of The Four Little 0Nes_2

Chapter 258: Chapter 163 First Gathering of the Four Little 0nes_2

Translator: 549690339

“Chirp-” (Yeah, yeah, where do you guys live?)

The Velvet Sparrow let out a small sigh of relief, followed by a curious inquiry.

“Xi Lu?” (Its voice?)

Feeling the echoing voice in his mind, Star was taken aback.

“Meow-” (This is Mind Induction, I’ve seen it before.)

In contrast, Ziyun was much more composed. It extended its claw, contemplating batting at the Velvet Sparrow’s plump body like a ball of yarn, but it quickly dispelled the idea and concealed its intention by licking its paw nonchalantly.

“Meow-” (We live upstairs in the shop.)

This guy was just about to tear me to shreds with one swipe, wasn’t he?

Absolutely!

The Velvet Sparrow felt all its feathers puff up. It backed away cautiously in fear then quickly realized what Ziyun said.

They live upstairs in the shop?

“Chirp?” (Is that also part of the Foster Area?)

“Charming!” (We are Xu Ran’s pet beasts!)

Cancan denied it with a shake of her head and revealed a proud expression.

Xu Ran’s pet beasts…

Mulling over Cancan’s words, the Velvet Sparrow was surprised.

Could it be that the human who cleaned and cared for it was a Leadership Level Beast Master?!

But on second thought…

The Velvet Sparrow cautiously glanced at Ziyun.

Since they are the boss’s pet beasts, they shouldn’t want to tear it up to pieces, right?

Backing away a few more steps to stand next to Cancan, the weakest amongst the three little ones, the Velvet Sparrow felt a sense of safety. It then exhaled a breath of relief.

“Charming?” (Why did your Beast Master send you here?)

Cancan curiously stretched out a claw to poke the Velvet Sparrow’s smooth plump body, she recognized it was because Xu Ran had just cleaned it.

“Chirp- ” (I don’t have a Beast Master.)

The Velvet Sparrow shook its head, feeling slightly odd.

It had been asking the other Foster Care Residents the same question until now, and suddenly found itself on the receiving end.

And it couldn’t resist.

Seeing Ziyun, the Velvet Sparrow timidly tucked in its head.

“Charming?” (No Beast Master?)

This increased Cancan’s curiosity even further. Even Ziyun and Star appeared surprised.

This was a unique situation amongst all the Foster Care Residents.

Normally, the Beast Masters brought their pet beasts for fosterage and paid the fees.

If there was no Beast Master, who paid the Foster Fee?

“Xi Lu?” (Who paid your Foster Fee?) @@novelbin@@

Star couldn’t help but ask out of curiosity.

“Chirp!” (I paid forit myself!)

Upon mentioning this, the Velvet Sparrow puffed out its chest in short-lived defiance.

Me, the Velvet Sparrow, I paid for my own all-inclusive stay!

“Meow?” (You can earn money by yourself?)

Ziyun looked at the Velvet Sparrow, contemplating whether it should report the bird to Boss Cat for punishment if it earned money illicitly.

“Chirp-” (Not money, it’s a secret.)

Seeing Ziyun asking the question, the sturdy Velvet Sparrow retracted its head in fear.

Thinking of the secret it shared with Xu Ran, the Velvet Sparrow puffed its chest out again.

It felt that it could stay tough for just a little while longer!

“Chirp!” (That secret is related to evolution. It will definitely help you guys evolve into the King Species in the future!)

After saying this, the Velvet Sparrow couldn’t help but glance at Ziyun.

Apart from the Transcendence Flower, it knew another secret related to evolution.

That is, the optimal stage for the Leader Species to complete its evolution is the Elite Stage.

This frightening guy was already at the Leadership Stage!

It may look impressive now, but it might not even be able to evolve once it becomes a King Species in the future, then…

Chirp haha…

“Charming?” (What secret? Ziyun and Star have both evolved, can you tell me about it?)

Hearing the Velvet Sparrow’s words, the soon-to-be-evolved Cancan quickly became excited.

The expression of complacency on the Velvet Sparrow’s face solidified instantly.

“…Chirp?” (You two… are of the King Species?)

Ziyun and Star looked at each other, quietly revealing the King’s Power.

Feeling the overwhelmingly familiar power that was unique to the King Species, the Velvet Sparrow staggered backwards, trembling like it had been struck by lightning.

Ahaha…

Maybe I should…run away?

Thinking about having to live under the same roof with such a terrifying creature in the future, the Velvet Sparrow suddenly felt a bit afraid.

But considering the all-inclusive facilities, great environment, and the cleaning service this place offered, the Velvet Sparrow didn’t really want to run away anymore.

Damn it!

Having noticed the unusual behavior of Velvet Sparrow, Star silently turned his head to glance at Ziyun.

“Xi Lu?” (Big Sister, it seems afraid of you?)

“Meow-” (Impossible, absolutely impossible!)

Ziyun shook her head vehemently.

“Charming!” (Big Sister is very easy to get along with!)

Cancan poked Velvet Sparrow with his paw, pondering how to prove this point, and finally spoke earnestly.

“Charming!” (Everytime she beats me up, my injuries always heal by the next day!)

That sounds even scarier!

Velvet Sparrow’s huge ocean blue eyes filled with tears.

“Charming!” (Canyou quickly tell me, what’s the secret of evolution?)

Still fixated on the secret mentioned by Velvet Sparrow, Cancan hurriedly urged.

“Chirp…” (It’s just that evolution requires a Transcendence Flower…)

“Charming!” (Then there’s no problem.)

Having heard that the secret mentioned by Velvet Sparrow was this, Cancan scratched his head, and the hopeful expression in his eyes gradually faded away.

“Charming!” (We already know this!)

Huh?

What?!

Velvet Sparrow took another blow of disbelief, looking at the three little ones stunned.

“…Chirp?” (You…know?)

The three little ones nodded simultaneously.

Yes, they’ve known about it for a while now.

What’s the use of just having the Transcendence Flower, which is only a supplementary material?

The main material is the most important for evolution.

Watching the three little ones’ calm expressions, Velvet Sparrow went blank, hugging his head with tiny wings.

Let it think about it…

If they know, then as a Beast Master, Xu Ran certainly also knows…

And it just smugly revealed this secret…

Ahhh!!!

Velvet Sparrow covered his eyes in agony, rolling on the ground.

Such a loss of face!

Unable to resist, Cancan retreated two steps, came to the side of his big brother and big sister and began to whisper.

“Charming?” (What’s wrong with it?)

After taking a glance, Star closed in on Cancan and whispered.

“Xi Lu~” (I’m not sure. I’ve heard that super ability type are often a bit neurotic. Could it be because of this?)

“Meow?” (Super ability type?)

Ziyun took a look at Velvet Sparrow, her paw itchingly rustling again.

She didn’t pay attention earlier, but after Star’s reminder, she also sensed the power fluctuations particular to the super ability type in Velvet Sparrow.

Oh, the itch.

It’s said that super ability type and fighting type counter each other.

Lately, she has only been beating up earth attribute Cancan, and hasn’t fought with a super ability type yet.

“You’ve already met Velvet Sparrow? And Ziyun even scared it away?”

Looking at the three little ones lined up in front of him, Xu Ran’s expression became somewhat amused.

Meeting the innocent face of Ziyun, Xu Ran shook his head helplessly.

Velvet Sparrow is a super ability type, Ziyun is a fighting type, these two types counter each other.

Velvet Sparrow is a bird, Ziyun is a cat. Cats have been interested in birds since ancient times, it’s racial oppression.

And Velvet Sparrow also looks a lot like a ball of wool…

He probably understood what happened.

“Alright, don’t mind it.” Xu Ran paused for a moment, “It’s pretty pitiful too, we can help keep an eye out for a suitable Beast Master for it.”

“Find it a good place to go sooner rather than later.”

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, the three little ones nodded in agreement.

Abandoned outside the city when she lost her parents at a young age, miraculously spared a life, almost starved to death when she returned to Qjngzhou City if it wasn’t for Boss Cat.

Velvet Sparrow really had a tough life!

“By the way.” Xu Ran remembered another thing, his expression becoming a bit serious, “In a week, we will attend a funeral together.”

“Meow?” (Funeral?)

“Yes.” Xu Ran nodded, “It’s a pet beast that has guarded a family for nine generations. It will leave this world in a week, and I will perform a Washing and Protection for it before it passes.”

“Because I offered to do the Washing and Protection for free, as a return, the owner invited me to attend its funeral.”

“When the time comes, I’ll take the three of you to see.”