Chapter 253 - 161: Boss Cat’S New Life 1

Chapter 253: Chapter 161: Boss Cat’s New Life 1

Translator: 549690339 , —

The distressed Princess…

Looking at the system’s description, Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

What kind of description was this?

Hmm… the system probably had its regular glitches.

Shaking his head slightly, Xu Ran picked up the Velvet Sparrow, then couldn’t help but stroke it a few more times with his hand.

It feels so good.

Unlike regular Bird Pet Beasts, the Velvet Sparrow has long, dense down feathers covering most of its body, including its wings, except for two long feathers on its head. This type of down is only found on the bellies of typical

This gave the Velvet Sparrow an extremely pleasant texture.

Looking at the dirt on the surface of the Velvet Sparrow’s body, Xu Ran’s eyes filled with amusement, “Let’s go for a wash.”

Once it’s clean, this little guy will feel even better.

“Chirp!”

The Velvet Sparrow’s chirp was full of anticipation for the washing and grooming.

Having been pampered from an early age, it naturally liked to be clean.

Since slipping out of the Core Zone of Beast Field, it had been filthy and was growing somewhat impatient. Now, it could finally clean itself up.

One couldn’t help but wonder if human washing and grooming were better than the Water Attribute Beasts that had served it in the Beast Field.

Watching both man and pet enter the grooming room, a smile appeared in Boss Cat’s eyes.

It walked familiarly to the rest area, took out an old plush cushion from its backpack and spread it on the sofa. Then, it sat upright and waited quietly for the Velvet Sparrow’s washing and grooming to be finished.

“Wait a minute, okay?”

After gently placing the Velvet Sparrow on the grooming platform prepared for Small Pet Beasts, Xu Ran went to a control panel nearby and began pre-cleaning preparations.

Resources beneficial to the skin and fur and Super ability Attribute minerals with cleansing effects were added to the corner grinder by Xu Ran, ground into me, evenly rounded particles, and mixed with the cleaning sand.

Sand bath, not a water bath, was the best grooming method for the Velvet Sparrow due to its unique fur structure.

Soon, Xu Ran picked up a basin filled with a special tailor-made bath sand, one meter in diameter, and placed it in front of the Velvet Sparrow.

“Jump in and have a roll.”

“…Chirp?”

The Velvet Sparrow blinks its eyes, showing a puzzled expression.

As a little princess of the Beast Field, what spectacle hadn’t it seen?

It really hadn’t seen the spectacle in front of it.

Bathing, isn’t it supposed to be with water?

Jumping into a basin full of sand and having a roll around…

Wouldn’t it get even dirtier?

It couldn’t help but glance at Xu Ran again.

The previous account by Boss Cat of Xu Ran and the Starfire Foster Care Shop came to its mind.

This human shouldn’t harm it, right…?

Or else… should it ask?

As it thought, the azure in the bottom of the Velvet Sparrow’s eyes became increasingly brilliant.

A voice abruptly appeared in Xu Ran’s mind.

“Human, can this really clean me? Will I not become dirtier the more I wash?” Huh?

With a bit of surprise, Xu Ran looked at the Velvet Sparrow.

Was this the Super ability Attribute of Mind Induction?

Having previously trained a customer’s Super Ability Attribute Pet Beast in this skill, Xu Ran was not unfamiliar with it.

The effect of Mind Induction is straightforward – it allows for unimped obstruction to communicate with all conscious beings.

Although it is only a one-star skill in the Super Ability Attribute, it cannot be mastered through postnatal teaching and can only appear as a Talent Skill. Its prevalence is not high, so not many Super Ability Attribute Pet Beasts possess

But any Super Ability Attribute Pet Beast with Mind Induction has one characteristic. @@novelbin@@

It is that its intelligence is slightly higher than other Transcendent beings at the same level.

Why had an Elite Stage Transcendent being with Mind Induction and superior intelligence become a Stray Pet Beast?

He would have to ask Boss Cat when he went outside later.

But now, he should answer this little creature’s question first.

“Don’t worry. The size of the sand grains are just right. They can penetrate deep into the crevices of your fur during the rolling process and remove the dirt on your fur through friction. Since they are heavy, they will not stick to your body.”

Looking at the Velvet Sparrow, who was appearing pensive, Xu Ran paused before adding, “Your fur is not suitable for washing with water, trust me.”

Is that so…

The Velvet Sparrow’s doubtful expression gradually faded.

It sounded quite reasonable. Could it be that its all its Water Attribute Pet Beasts had been mistaken?

If that’s the case, it should give it a try!

“Chirp!” (Here I come!)

Having made its decision, the Velvet Sparrow wobbled its way to the basin. It flapped its tiny wings and jumped, grabbing the edge of the tub. Then, turning its back to the bath, it promptly collapsed into the tub.

“Duang-”

The Velvet Sparrow’s entire body fluttered like waves, and the bath sand it shook up quickly fell back into the basin without stirring up any dust, just as Xu Ran had said.

What an interesting sensation!

Savoring the icy cold bath sand snug against the downy fur on its back, and the crushed Super Ability Attribute resources emanating a distinct and comforting Super Ability Attribute Power, the Velvet Sparrow’s azure eyes closed satisfactorily. Then, it tentatively rolled within the bath tub.

Each of the long, slender down feathers passed through the gaps in the bath sand. The bath sand, acting like a super fine comb, glided over the down feathers, removing loose fur and tiny dirt particles stuck to the down feathers. The Velvet Sparrow’s eyes bulged.

This sensation…

This sensation!

Although bathing with the Water Attribute Pet Beasts’ help made it feel refreshed afterward, it felt heavy during the bath and as if it couldn’t fly…