Chapter 255 - 162: The Mysterious Velvet Sparrowl

Chapter 255: Chapter 162: The Mysterious Velvet Sparrowl

Translator: 549690339

“The secret of evolution…”

Xu Ran’s expression faltered slightly, “What do you mean?”

He indeed hadn’t intended to ask for money, but now that the Velvet Sparrow had offered this as a barter, he was genuinely intrigued.

At the same time, a bizarre feeling welled up in Xu Ran’s heart.

During the recent wash and protection process, the Velvet Sparrow had demonstrated a manner of speaking entirely different from other stray pet beasts, and now it mentioned the secret of evolution.

Wasn’t this information a stray pet beast shouldn’t possess?

Well, he might as well listen to what it had to say.

The Velvet Sparrow looked around cautiously and whispered in a low voice.

“Chirp-” (To evolve from a Leader Species into a King Species, something called a Transcendence Flower, a kind of resource, is needed. Without it, the success rate would drop significantly.)

Huh?

Xu Ran was truly surprised now.

He had already confirmed the benefit of the Transcendence Flower for evolution through the evolutionary paths of his three pet beasts. What Velvet Sparrow said was not incorrect.

This also proved that this little thing really had some understanding of evolution.

So, the question arose.

What was the background of this “stray pet beast”, Boss Cat, that he’d only met a few days ago?

“Chirp?” (Is this secret enough?)

Seeing Xu Ran’s surprised expression, the Velvet Sparrow held its head high with a sense of accomplishment.

“That’s enough.” Xu Ran hastily nodded, and then asked, “Velvet Sparrow, can you tell me where you come from and why you know all this?”

The Velvet Sparrow’s triumph froze on its face.

Damn, too impulsive!

No, it couldn’t reveal its true identity now!

A flicker of thought crossed the eyes of the Velvet Sparrow, and it quickly came up with a plan.

Its sapphire-blue eyes welled with tears. As it wiped the tears with its little wing, it also began to whine tearfully.

“Chirp-” (I was… orphaned when I was very young. I was discarded outside the city and almost died there. I barely made it back to the city… These are things I heard when I was outside the city…)

“Chirp…achoo!!!”

An odd sneeze echoed for a long while in a lush, dense forest. A hint of a terrifying aura seeped out from the depth of the forest, causing the transcendent beings living around the forest’s perimeter to shrink back in fear.

“Chirp-”

Continue.

Deep in the forest, a colossal bird with white feathers tinged with a bit of purple-blue and a wingspan of over thirty meters began to inhibit its domineering aura, looking at its subordinate shivering below.

The subordinate gathered its courage and continued to report.

“Aoo~”

My lord, we have not found the twelfth princess yet.

After speaking, it pressed its head firmly into the ground, not daring to lift it up.

The twelfth princess was the king’s most beloved daughter, said to be extraordinarily gifted.

Now that the twelfth princess had disappeared, one could easily imagine the king’s rage.

It could only hope that it could leave in one piece after making the report.

Above, where the subordinate’s gaze couldn’t reach, a peculiar look flickered in the eyes of the colossal bird.

After a moment of silence, it slowly spoke.

“Chirp-”

Continue the search.

Upon hearing the king’s calm voice, the subordinate’s transcendent creature was stunned for a moment, followed by relief and jubilation.

The king actually didn’t hold it accountable!

Even when his beloved daughter was missing, he remained so calm. It’s no wonder that the king was considered among the most strategic of the six kings. @@novelbin@@

It quickly nodded its head, turned around without saying a word, its eyes filled with determination.

This time, it would certainly find the twelfth princess for the king!

Watching its subordinate leave, the colossal bird folded its wings and gently landed on a tree trunk.

Its eyes revealed sorrow as it stared in the direction of Qingzhou City.

Orphaned at a young age…

The little cotton-padded jacket had a hole in it!

“Is that so…”

Listening to Velvet Sparrow sob out its miserable past, Xu Ran couldn’t help but sigh.

It seemed he’d misunderstood. This was a poor little creature too.

It had been abandoned by humans outside the city, so it was understandable why it would resist contract Beast Masters.

Super creatures living outside the city were capable of evolving into Beast Kings or Beast Emperors, so they must know about evolution, possibly even more than humans. That they’d be aware of the Transcendence Flower was not surprising.

The Velvet Sparrow overhearing some of it was quite plausible.

“That’s alright; it’s all in the past now.” Xu Ran patted Velvet Sparrow’s head gently, with a look of sympathy, “You can stay here from now on.”

Looking on the bright side, the Velvet Sparrow could also serve as a translator for him after it settles down.

When he encountered pet beasts he couldn’t communicate with, it would come in handy.

Great!

The Velvet Sparrow cheered internally, admiring its improved acting skills.

With an innocent expression, it wiped away its fake tears.

After observing human cities for a few days, it had realised that if it wanted to survive in a human city without attracting trouble, it would be challenging.

With food and accommodation sorted, it considered its major problem resolved.

“I will take you to the foster area later to settle you in.” Without any suspicion, Xu Ran turned to Boss Cat after making this remark, “As for you, how do you plan to live? Do you need my help?”

“Meow-”

No need.

Boss Cat shook its head and simply shared its plan.

In short, it intended to join a hunting squad in Qingzhou City as one of its members, occasionally marching out of the city with the squad to clean up wild super creatures.

Being a pet beast at the leader stage, Boss Cat was quite powerful. Now that there were no stray pet beasts needing its help, it was a waste for it to just loiter around in the city daily.

Upon understanding Boss Cat’s words through the Velvet Sparrow’s translation, Xu Ran’s expression grew increasingly strange.