Chapter 250 - 159= Boss Xu Never Forgets His Original Intention_2

Chapter 250: Chapter 159= Boss Xu Never Forgets His Original Intention_2

Translator: 549690339

1

It turned its head to look at Ziyun and Star, a gleam of determination flashed tn its eyes.

You’re protecting me now, and I’ll protect you in the future!

“Alright, we’ve got the resources and the advertising is done, time to go.” Xu Ran grinned, “We can take a good stroll around Xieyun City, but we have to go home tomorrow.”

Going home…

A look of anticipation bloomed in the eyes of the three little ones.

I wonder what Qingzhou City is like now.

“Chirp-”

Staring

Inside Qingzhou City, a little creature crouched in a corner, its sea-blue eyes filled with caution and scrutiny, watching a small food stall on the street.

Its pretty blue beak, with nostrils constantly drawing in the delicious smells floating from the food stall, brought unbidden tears to the corners of the little creature’s eyes.

It used its wings to wipe the corners of its mouth, and its gaze turned serious again.

It had been three days since it had entered this city belonging to humans.

In these three days, using their clan’s unique abilities, the little creature had been secretly observing everything about human society without raising any alarms.

It found out that Dad was lying to it!

The supposed deep hatred humans bear for Transcendent Beings, that even enslaved Pet Beasts are often mistreated by them.

Absolute nonsense!

These humans treated Pet Beasts incredibly well. Not only did they feed them delicious food that made it drool, but they also groomed their fur, bathed them and cleaned their surroundings!

Thinking of the Beast Field, where the survival of the fittest reigned, weaker species could only become food for others, while stronger species were locked in fierce competition and there was no sanitation to speak of, the little creature felt like crying in comparison.

This wasn’t slavery, it was living in luxury!

And also, the idea that human society is cruel where conflict would immediately lead to internal strife, self-claiming to be superior to Transcendent Beings yet doing the same things Transcendent Beings would do.

That was also rubbish!

In the three days it had been observing, it had seen numerous humans being punished and even locked up for issues that would be considered negligible in Transcendent Beings’ society.

Like defecating anywhere, mating with a human female who already has a

mate…

The rules here were much more strict than in the Beast Field!

After three days, the little creature became quite fond of its new experiences in the human world. It didn’t want to go back!

However, at this moment, it faced a serious challenge.

The challenge was how to get the food from this stall.

Based on its observance during this time, everything in the human world had to be bought with something called ‘ money’. Taking without permission was called stealing and would be punished!

It was a little princess in the Beast Field. If word got out that it was stealing in the human world, that would be so embarrassing!

But it didn’t have human money either.

So…

Should it use its abilities…

The little creature was torn.

If discovered by humans, it could be a bit risky.

There seemed to be a few creatures more formidable than itself in this city.

“Meow?”

Where do you come from, Transcendent Being?

A low voice appeared behind the little creature.

“Chirp?!”

The little creature’s feathers exploded.

It had used its abilities to hide, why was it detected?

Damn it!

It must have been seduced by the aroma of the food, causing a flaw in its abilities!

Yes! It must have been that!

It slowly turned around with great caution and saw a pair of big feet.

“Chirp?”

The little creature blinked, slowly lifting its head to follow the feet upward, looking at a face with a few scars, which seemed rather fierce.

(n=O = )

One step…two steps.

The little creature carefully stepped backward, then turned around and bolted.

“Chirp!!!”

Help! I’m going to be eaten by a cat!

As it ran, the little creature felt as though its paws had hit empty air, yet the fluttering scenery around it remained the same.

It felt something grab its head, lifted it up, and slowly turned it around.

It was face to face with the big face again.

(*1T010

Dad, you were right.

The human world, it’s indeed dangerous!

“Meow?”

Why were you running?

Boss Cat scratched its head in confusion, then looked at the stall on the side of the road.

This little creature seemed to have been staring at the stall just now.

But it didn’t pounce…

Boss Cat gave the little creature an approving look, then gently put it down, patted it on its head, and walked towards the stall.

“Meow!”

Wait for me!

“Squeak?”

I wasn’t eaten?

The little critter, holding its head with its wings, was looking at Boss Cat approaching a stall, a conflicted expression on its face.

I’ve been found, should I run…?

In its indecision, it saw Boss Cat reaching to his waist for something when he arrived at the stall – money.

Money!

This big fellow actually has human money!

At this moment, the critter’s eyes were filled with adoration.

So impressive! How did he get it?

Watching Boss Cat handing the money to the human at the stall and then picking up two fragrant meals, walking over to this side, a nervous and hopeful expression flashed in the critter’s eyes.

Two meals!

Will they be for me?

Hmm…not necessarily.

This big guy is so big, could he eat two meals himself?

Probably-

Watching a meal being handed over to it, the little critter’s eyes lit up.

It’s really forme!

The critter held the food container with its wings and began to eat in an imagined and satisfying way.

It really is delicious!

“Squeak!”

You’re such a good cat!

The meaning behind its phrase was echoing in Boss Cat’s mind, surprising the cat, who was about to taste the other food.

Is this…

A One Star Super Ability Attribute Skill, Mind Induction?

Watching the critter eat, seemingly unconcerned with its appearance, Boss Cat wiped the leftovers from the corner of its mouth with a paw, a hint of laughter flickering in his eyes.

Good cat, huh…

“Qin Can! Come out!”

Ye Haoming was livid, his face reddened with rage.

He was standing in front of a luxurious villa, shouting at the house.

“Give me back my resources!”

“Okay, okay, stop howling.” A slightly lazy voice resounded from behind Ye Haoming, “I’m not even home.”

“You dare…” Ye Haoming was about to retort, but he was cut off by Qin Can.

“Hey, hey, hey, come in and talk.” Qin Can rolled his eyes, “If you’re not going home, I need to.”

“Fine, you…” Ye Haoming nodded in anger and followed Qin Can into the house, but was interrupted again.

“Right, I won’t charge extra this time.” Qin Can patted Ye Haoming’s shoulder, appearing as if he was at a loss.

Ye Haoming: “…Ha?”

With an incredulous look on his face, he watched Qin Can.

He came to reclaim the two General Stage resources he gave Qin Can. Yet, this

guy had the audacity to say he wouldn’t charge extra?

Where’s his shame?

You were defeated. You lost and you still have the audacity to charge extra?

“Why are you so surprised?” Qin Can said with an expression that made it seem like it should be obvious, “Think about it, why did you have to spend resources to get me to defeat Xu Ran for you?

“Of course it’s because…” Just when Ye Haoming was about to reply, he was interrupted again.

“Because you were defeated by Xu Ran and have lost face for the association.

The plan was compromised, so you need to make reparations,” Qin Can paused before continuing, “Am I right?”

“…Yes.” This time, Ye Haoming was thoughtful and had to admit that Qin Can was correct.

“Well then, that’s settled.” Qin Can spread his hands and sighed, “Look, now that I’ve also lost, I’m the one who has lost face. Everyone has forgotten about you, Ye Haoming. Hasn’t your aim been achieved?”

Ye Haoming: “…Huh?”

So, my aim isn’t to make reparations to the association, but to have everyone forget my mistakes?

Ye Haoming was deep in thought. @@novelbin@@

That seems to make sense.

“Look, I’ve ruined my reputation, drawing everyone’s attention to me.” Qin

Can said seriously, “Isn’t it considerate of me not to charge you extra for such a loss?”

“So…” Ye Haoming was starting to waiver, “Thankyou?”

“Don’t mention it, I have things to do. You can go home first.” Qin Can nodded, pushing Ye Haoming out of the door and then shut it with a ‘ bang .

“Phew!”

He took off his coat, revealing his pajamas beneath.

“With that intellect, I can swindle him three more times!”

Outside, on his way home, Ye Haoming suddenly stopped.

“Hold on!” He scratched his head, “What do you mean ruin your reputation? You didn’t even fight, did you?”

Looking at Qin Can’s house, which was already some distance away, Ye Haoming stomped his foot in anger.

“How did I get conned again!”