Chapter 261 - 16 5 Sly One Man With Four Petsl

Chapter 261: Chapter 16 5 Sly One Man with Four Petsl

Translator: 549690339 |

“Let’s go, we shouldn’t disturb them.”

After a moment of silence, Du Long spoke in a deep tone, “We’ve arranged for

the gravesite to be revamped.”

“Bury it here in the same posture as Huo Huo.” @@novelbin@@

“I believe, whether it’s my ancestors or Huo Huo, they would all prefer it that

way.”

“Alright.” Xu Ran naturally did not have much say in the Du family s arrangements. “As for the funeral?”

“This is not a suitable place for the funeral. I don’t thinkHuo Huo would want many people to see it at this time.” Du Ziyu’s eyes became slightly red, speaking in a soft voice, “The funeral will be held tonight in the Du family Courtyard. Hopefully, Boss Xu can attend.

“Definitely.” Xu Ran nodded seriously.

After parting ways with the Du family father and son, he took one last look at

Huo Huo before returning with the four little creatures.

“Chirp!” (Can I attend the funeral tonight?)

The silence was broken by the Velvet Sparrow s chirp.

“Do you want to go too?” Xu Ran glanced at the Velvet Sparrow.

“Chirp!” (Yes!)

“Then let’s go together. I think the Du family father and son won’t mind.” Xu Ran nodded, his expression still carrying a trace of melancholy, “I heard that for this funeral, the Du family will invite everyone who’s had interactions with them over the years.”

“Holding such a grand funeral for Huo Huo, it’s clear that the Du family saw it

as a crucial part of their family.”

The Velvet Sparrow turned its head to look at Xu Ran, curiosity flickering in its eyes.

“Chirp?” (Can a pet beast also be family?)

“Of course.” Xu Ran chuckled, “Ziyun, Star, and Cancan have all become part of my family.”

“Meow!” (Exactly!)

Ziyun nodded in agreement, recalling all the shared experiences with Xu Ran. Unconsciously, it was deeply connected to Xu Ran, sharing both honor and disgrace, their fates intertwined. Such a relationship could only pertain to family.

“XiLu!” (That’s right!)

Star emitted a neigh, its eyes full of touch.

After the Horse Beast race, Xu Kun often brought different Horse-type pet beasts for washing and protection. The little buddies who had seen Star’s transformed look were amazed and sincerely wished it well.

Chasing Wind also came to check on it and expressed heartfelt thanks to Xu Ran.

Leaving the Horse Beast Breeding Base to follow Xu Ran was the best decision it had ever made!

“Charming!” (Must be family!)

Cancan nodded in agreement.

To Cancan, who first laid eyes on Xu Ran, Ziyun, and Star upon birth, the concept of a family was engraved deep into its bones.

Like this…

Looking at the three little creatures’ proud expressions, the Velvet Sparrow unexpectedly felt a twinge of envy.

The journey back was wordless. Thanks to Star’s speed, they quickly arrived back at the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

With Huo Hue’s matter settled, it was time to resume normal operations at the shop.

Time flew, and soon it was night.

Seeing Xu Ran arrive at the Du family Courtyard, Du Ziyu who was guarding the door immediately went to greet him, “Boss Xu, let me take you in.”

“Thankyou.” Xu Ran nodded, entering the gates with four little creatures. He looked around curiously, “Your Du family’s courtyard is enormous.”

“After all, it is an accumulation of wealth from hundreds of generations.” Du Ziyu’s expression was calm. He took no pride in it, “Huo Huo had a significant contribution to this.”

“Without extraordinary power as our support, sometimes people can look

down on us.”

“Indeed.” Xu Ran nodded in agreement. Thinking about the departed Huo Huo, he sighed and quickly changed the subject. “Are there many attendees?” “Quite a lot.” Du Ziyu glanced at the brightly lit villa, “I heard some of the guests talking about you earlier. Maybe many of them are acquainted with you, Boss Xu.”

“That’s expected.” Xu Ran laughed.

The Starfire Foster Care Shop’s reputation in Qingzhou City had attracted many powerful Beast Masters, and before he realized it, he had come this far.

After leading Xu Ran into the hall, Du Ziyu excused himself.

Today, he was responsible for welcoming guests and had to meet other visitors. As Xu Ran entered the solemn hall with the four little creatures, he was quickly recognized by people.

“Boss Xu, I didn’t expect you to come!” A young lady approached Xu Ran with a smile on her face, “Long time no see.”

“Long time no see.” Recognizing the woman who had visited his shop twice before, Xu Ran politely responded.

“Recently…” The woman seemed to want to say something, but her words were cut short by another voice.

“Boss Xu, you’re here too!”

Watching another man approaching from a distance, the woman shook her head helplessly and moved aside.

“Hello, hello!” Xu Ran responded politely to the vaguely familiar guest.

Soon, a crowd had gathered around him.

“Chirp-” (Human social interactions are quite intimidating…)

The Velvet Sparrow, who had retreated to one side, couldn’t help but gasp tn surprise.

“Meow-” (Indeed…)

Ziyun reached out a paw towards the Velvet Sparrow, then silently withdrew and began licking it.

The Velvet Sparrow looked at Ziyun, subtly moved closer to Cancan, and remained silent.

After Star revealed the ability to dispel illusions, the only creature that made it feel safe among the three little ones was Cancan.

As a result, it had the closest relationship with Cancan.

“Xi Lu-” (By the way, I think I saw someone familiar.)

Looking around, Star murmured after a while.

“Meow?” (Who?)