Chapter 267 - 168*. Why Didn’T You Ask Me Earlier? —1

Chapter 168*. Why didn’t you ask me earlier? —1

Translator: 549690339 I

Early the next day.

Xu Ran hung up the “Closed for Now” sign on the door of the Starfire Foster

Care Shop and turned to leave.

“Boss     ”

A voice full of desolation came from behind Xu Ran, making the corner of his mouth twitch slightly.

“What is it now, Teacher Tony?”

“How long will you be gone this time?” Tony made a disheartened expression,

“I’ll be so lonely tending to the shop by myself-”

“Not too long.” Xu Ran rubbed his forehead, “If things go well, I’ll be back today…”

“Sure!” (It must go smoothly!)

Cancan interrupted Xu Ran, his eyes filled with anticipation and nervousness.

This was its evolution, it would not allow failure!

“Hmm.” Xu Ran smiled, “It will definitely go smoothly.”

“Chirp?” (Where are you all going?)

The Velvet Sparrow waddled out of the shop, preparing to begin a new day exploring Qingzhou City. Seeing the posture of the person and three pets about to leave, it couldn’t help but reveal a curious and probing look.

What are these guys up to?

Last night, they should have already done the so-called resource allocation, right?

So, are they not opening for business today because it has to do with the resource allocation last night?

With this thought, the Velvet Sparrow’s eyes lit up instantly.

“Chirp!” (Take me with you!)

“Sure!” (No, no!)

Without waiting for Xu Ran and the other two to speak, Cancan was shaking his head like a drum in quick opposition.

The Velvet Sparrow was not part of their team. It would not be convenient to bring it along for something as important as an evolution.

Although Xu Ran, Ziyun, and Star didn’t say a word, their expressions were also rejecting.

The loss in the Velvet Sparrow’s eyes flashed by. Then it shook its round head, its upright feathers swaying.

“Chirp-” (Alright, I’ll wait for your return then.)

It flapped its little wings and waddled towards the other side of the street.

“Let’s set off too.”

Watching the Velvet Sparrow’s retreating figure, Xu Ran spoke softly, then got up and rode away.

Shortly after, the person and three pets stopped before the city gate.

At this moment, the city gate was still closed.

“Four minutes until it opens.” Xu Ran glanced at the time and chuckled,

“Faster than expected.”

“XiLu~” (Of course.)

Star issued a neigh, its eyes filled with a sense of accomplishment.

The reason they arrived quicker was because its Moon Concealment Star Racing had upgraded to Full Moon Level last night, leading to a notable speed increase. “Sure!” (When I complete my evolution and breakthrough to the Leadership Stage, I too will upgrade my skills to Full Moon Level one by one!)

Envy was evident in Cancan’s eyes.

Ziyun and Star have managed to upgrade most of their crucial skills to Full Moon Level. However, Cancan’s skill proficiency level was just over Waning Moon Level except for Echoing of Earth Vein. The prospect of upgrading proficiency seemed very distant.

It was decided, after the evolution, Echoing of Earth Vein should be the first to be upgraded!

“Keep it up.” Xu Ran patted Cancan’s head encouragingly.

Among the conversations of the person and three pets, the four minutes passed quickly.

The city gate slowly opened with a deep rumbling sound under the gaze of hundreds of Beast Masters on the square.

Star issued an excited neigh and, carrying two pets on its back, completely concealed its form and aura. Unnoticed by others, it crossed the city gate instantly and headed towards an unknown direction.

However, its sprint didn’t last long.

It proceeded for about ten kilometers and then stopped.

This distance had already taken them out of the protection range of Qingzhou City. They were separated from other Beast Masters and free from influences. “Cancan, Echoing of Earth Vein.”

Xu Ran threw Cancan on the ground from Star’s back and gave it an order.

So far, he had received no information on the remains of earth attribute dragons Extraordinary Beings. Therefore, Cancan was the only chance for treasure finding–it was all up to it.

In other words, it needed to stand on its own feet and find the site for its evolution.

Neither Ziyun nor Star had this requirement during their evolution.

Ziyun found a suitable site purely by accident.

Whereas, Star’s evolution didn’t demand a specific site.

Upon landing, Cancan rapidly reverted to its regular size. Amid the gusts of wind blown up in an instant, its body increased from less than one meter to a full 27 meters in an instant. Its massive claws were heavily pressed on the ground, looking like a small hill.

“Sure!” (Watchme!)

Upon returning to its normal state, Cancan roared. Its form expanded again amidst Star’s retreat, and with every breath, it passed thirty meters, transitioning from super large-size to the scale of a Giant Beast.

Fifty meters… one hundred meters… one hundred and fifty meters… In the end, it reached a terrifying length of two hundred meters, even surpassing the size of the remains of the Giant Beast they once saw at the foot of the Thunderbolt Half Mountain.

Meanwhile, Cancan’s momentum was also rapidly escalating at a frightening speed.@@novelbin@@

Twenty thousand… Thirty thousand… Forty thousand…

When its momentum approached fifty thousand, far surpassing the usual range of the Elite Stage, Cancan’s momentum gradually came to a halt.

Three-Star Skill, Waning Moon Level: Jiezimixu!

Pushing the enlarging body effect to the extreme was an exceptional experience for Cancan. Despite having an enormous body over two hundred meters in size, Cancan could only describe its movements as inexplicably heavy.

Even the act of lifting its claws to take one step forward felt incredibly difficult.