Chapter 265 - 167: Goal, Evolutional

Chapter 167: Goal, Evolutional

Translator: 549690339

“Invest all your skill points into the Waning Moon Level, which only requires 1267 skill points, you have enough left over from before,” Xu Ran paused his speech, “But there’s no rush, let’s first see the effect of your new skill after the Dragon Power has been upgraded.”

“Charming!” (Let me see!)

Cancan nodded, only then remembered that he hadn’t had the chance to experience the new skill he had just obtained.

This skill had caused him so much agony, it must be stronger, right?

He closed his eyes, and a moment later reopened them, his eyes revealing a satisfied expression.

This pain, it didn’t seem to have been endured in vain.

“Charming…” (The new skill’s effect is…)

Cancan started to introduce the effects of this Dragon Blood Horn, a three-star skill.

After hearing it, surprise appeared on the faces of Xu Ran, Ziyun, and Star.

This three-star skill’s effect really was somewhat special.

Besides having the effects of three pre-fusion skills: suppression, self-enhancement, and taunt, Dragon Blood Horn also possessed an extremely unique effect related to dragons.

As long as the essence of Dragon Pet Beast’s blood is consumed, this skill can be enhanced, and the enhancement effect is related to the power of the Dragon Pet Beast that provided the blood essence.

“So…” Xu Ran stroked his chin, “Can your own blood essence also do the enhancement?”

“Charming-” (Not possible.)

Cancan shook his head slightly.

After acquiring this skill, it developed a small special ability, which can discern what kind of pet beasts meet the requirements of Dragon Blood Horn, equivalent to determining what kind of pet beasts are considered Dragon Pet Beasts.

Although it could learn Dragon Power, Cancan could feel that there seemed to be a difference between him and Dragon Pet Beasts at the moment, therefore, its blood essence couldn’t be used to amplify the Dragon Blood Horn.

Besides…

“Charming?!” (Who would use their own blood, when the blood of other pet beasts can be used?!)

“That’s true.” Xu Ran nodded, “The enhancement effect of this skill using Dragon Blood remains to be tested. If it’s beneficial, in the future you might need to use quite a few Beast Master Points to exchange for the blood essence of Dragon Pet Beasts.”

“Okay, now let’s upgrade your skills.” Xu Ran chuckled and raised his hand to apply the skill points belonging to Cancan.

All skills were upgraded to the Waning Moon Level, and the remaining 351 skill points, after consulting Cancan, were added to the Echoing of the Earth Vein.

“Charming!” (I can evolve!)

Feeling the newfound power, Cancan’s eyes were filled with excitement.

After enduring so much suffering, it finally met all the evolutionary conditions and gathered all the materials needed for evolution! @@novelbin@@

“Next, all we need to do is to find a place suitable for the evolution ceremony.” Xu Ran nodded, then with a quick change in tone added, “But an Earth attribute dragon’s Extraordinary Corpse buried underground is not so easy to find.” “Charming!” (I understand!)

Cancan nodded seriously.

Of course, it understood. It added the remaining skill points to the Echoing of the Earth Vein bearing this in mind.

The Echoing of the Earth Vein fused with the Earth attribute’s detection skill, the Earthquake Wave, during the upgrade process, gaining an impressive subterranean exploration ability.

This could prove key in finding a suitable location for the evolution ceremony!

“We’ll leave the city tomorrow, but let’s continue with the allocation for now.” Xu Ran pointed at the small blackboard. “During the skill upgrade just now, you used 79 unallocated skill fragments and 12 skill fusion stones.”

“A total of 1990 Value Points.”

Almost two thousand used up already…

A hint of stinginess appeared in Cancan’s eyes, it turned its gaze towards Ziyun.

“Charming!” (First pay off big sister’s three thousand!)

“Meow!” (Okay!)

Ziyun’s eyes lit up.

It had been waiting for this moment.

With the 3000 Value Points paid back by Cancan, Ziyun’s Value Points exceeded ten thousand. After being suppressed by Star for so long, Ziyun had finally become the richest in the team!

Wait, it could be even richer!

Ziyun, as if having thought of something, slowly turned its gaze towards Star.

“Xi Lu~” (I have to give big sister 700 Value Points.)

Star shook its head, its eyes displayed a hint of reluctance, but it still took the initiative to speak.

Earlier, Star and Ziyun made an agreement, Ziyun used the power of the Full Moon Level King’s Power to speed up Star’s proficiency increase in King’s Power every day, and Star would pay Ziyun 100 Value Points per day as a reward.

Previously, all of Star’s Value Points were exhausted during evolution, so it had been in debt. Now that new Value Points were in its account, it was time to start paying back.

With the help of Ziyun, Star’s King’s Power had rocketed up, reaching the Waning Moon Level within a mere seven days without any extra skill point increases, and it has already gained a considerable amount of proficiency.

So, Star did not hesitate to give these Value Points.

“Meow!” (3700 Value Points are credited!)

Ziyun yelped in joy, its face filled with excitement.

It, Ziyun, the richest in the team, who always pays its debts, had made it!

Seeing the excited Ziyun, Xu Ran chuckled then turned his attention back to Cancan, “You still have 2577 Value Points left. Is there anything else you want to exchange?”

“Charming-” (Let big sister Ziyun and big brother Star have a go-)

The excitement in Cancan’s eyes subsided, it glanced at the remaining items on the blackboard, then shook his head.

It, who had met the evolution conditions and gathered the necessary materials, had lost its priority, being aware of what happened to Star previously, it knew this clearly.