Chapter 260 - 164 The Guardian’S Funeral_2

Chapter 260: Chapter 164 The Guardian’s Funeral_2

Translator: 549690339 |

Its long ears stood straight, but occasionally drooped for a moment before it struggled to lift them again.

Even the crimson flame that surged around it, appeared as if it was inadequately burning, presenting a thin and uneven color.

Through its current state, Xu Ran was able to see a glimpse of its former majesty and dominance. However, all these had been erased with the passage of time, leaving behind only an old, Leadership Stage Pet Beast at the end of its life.

Behind it, the teenager named Du Ziyu, who had arrived a week ago, followed by a middle-aged man who bore striking facial resemblance to him, confirming its identity.

“So, you must be Huo Huo.” Xu Ran quickly rose from behind the counter, walking towards it, looking up slightly, “Welcome.”

“Woof-”

Huo Huo lowered its head until it could look Xu Ran in the eye. Its slightly cloudy eyes revealed a friendly expression as it nodded slightly.

“Boss Xu, please take care of her!” Du Ziyu took a deep breath and spoke loudly.

Compared to when he visited a week ago, his expression was much more serious at the moment, and there was a touch of sadness in his eyes that he couldn’t hide.

“Boss Xu, I am Du Long.” The middle-aged man who came with Du Ziyu spoke in a deep voice, “I was also involved in the joint arrest of kidnappers in Qingzhou City that day, but unfortunately, we didn’t meet, which is a pity.” “Thankyou for Huo Huo’s matter.” The middle-aged man spoke with a slight pause, “I owe you a favor for this.”

“Uncle Du, you’re too polite.” Xu Ran smiled, then looked at Huo Huo, “Let’s

go, we’ll do the grooming now.”

“Woof-”

Huo Huo nodded and followed closely behind Xu Ran.

“Twee-” (It says it hopes you can make it look a bit more like it did in its youth.)

Velvet Sparrow jumped from the counter and quickly followed, translating the meaning of Huo Huo’s thoughts to Xu Ran.

The father and son of the Du family who also heard the Velvet Sparrow’s voice were surprised, quickly followed by emotion.

In Boss Xu’s shop, was there really a translator who mastered mind induction

to better communicate with pet beasts?

That’s really considerate.

“Its youthful vigor?” As he walked into the Grooming Room, Xu Ran glanced at Huo Huo who was following closely by his side, with a hint of self-confidence in his eyes, “Leave it to me.”

“Click? ”

With the closing of the Grooming Room’s doors, the grooming session for Huo Huo officially began.

Outside the Grooming Room, Cancan seemed to have thought of something and suddenly spoke up.

“Whoa?” (Why can’t the three of us follow Xu Ran, but Velvet Sparrow can?) The shop suddenly fell silent. The Three little ones looked at each other and fell into silence.

Yeah, why is that?

“Boom!”

Inside the Grooming Room, Xu Ran evenly smeared the specially formulated nursing oil all over Huo Huo’s body, allowing the nursing oil to be lit by the red flames surging around Huo Huo. It burned fiercely outside its body, emitting a deep roar.

This seemingly fierce scene was, in fact, especially comforting for Huo Huo.

Within the flames, it slowly stood straight, its eyes full of relief.

The once lustrous black fur became smooth and shiny again, even the previous brown spots were changed back to black with the coloring agent that Xu Ran had formulated, perfectly matching its original fur color.

Atrophied muscles couldn’t be replenished by grooming, but in Xu Ran’s adjustments and trimming of the fur, it no longer seemed so weak and old. It replicated Huo Huo’s previous state to the greatest extent possible.

Its erect ears were implanted with invisible supports, returning them to their upright and lively state.

As the nursing oil was completely burned away, the red flames surrounding Huo Huo became more intense and concentrated. It was no longer a dying ember, but seemed to be in its prime again, full of vigor.

“Woof-”

A powerful and short sound came from within the flames.

The rejuvenated Huo Huo’s gaze became even brighter. It felt as if its body had regained its strength, as if it had really returned to its prime.

‘Twee-” (It says you are really good at grooming, it feels like it has really become younger.)

Velvet Sparrow looked up at Xu Ran.

Thank you.” Xu Ran spoke softly, but his eyes flashed with a hint of sadness due to Huo Huo’s words.

He clearly knew that his grooming only changed Huo Huo’s external state.

What really made it feel younger was the last resurgence of life.

It didn’t have much time left.

The father and son duo of the Du family, who were also aware of this, had a deeper level of sadness in their eyes.

“Woof-”

Looking at the people who had watched it grow up, with such sadness in their eyes, Huo Huo slowly walked towards the father and son, with a hint of consolation in its eyes.

It raised a paw to push open the door, then stepped out of the foster shop with firm strides.

“Foliowit!”

Father and son of the Du family exchanged glances, silently following behind Huo Huo.

“We should go and see.”

Xu Ran closed the shop door, climbed onto Star’s back, and as usual picked up the reduced Cancan and placed it in front of him. Ziyun lay on Cancan’s scale shell.

“Chirp-” (Take me with you!)

The Velvet Sparrow followed behind with a swaying gait, watching the one person and three pets prepared to leave, it became anxious all at once.

Ah, this…” Xu Ran scratched his head, bent down to pick up the Velvet Sparrow, and placed it on Cancan’s scale shell too, “Alright, let’s go!” Velvet Sparrow: “…”

Looking at Ziyun, who was sitting just within reach, staring full of anticipation, an expression of utter despair gradually spread across its face.

Just let me die, I’m tired.

“Xi Lu Lu-”

Star emitted a neigh, then with nimble steps quickly followed behind Huo Huo. Completely unfazed by those following behind, Huo Huo walked steadily and powerfully. Even in its last moment of life, even the Grim Reaper temporarily halted its life-reaping scythe, allowing it to regain the agility of its prime.

Step by step, it moved towards a certain direction.

After recognizing this direction, a deeper sadness filled the eyes of the Du family father and son who were following closely behind.

That place, is where the founder of the Du family, the original owner of Huo Huo, was buried.

Every once in a whde, Huo Huo would go there alone, sitting in front of the grave and becoming lost in its thoughts.

And now, it has evidently chosen the best final resting place for itself.

As a graveyard appeared up ahead, Xu Ran, who was following closely, also seemed to realis something. He inevitably let out a long sigh.

“Ah, what a loyal pet beast.”

“Chirp?” (What’s this place?)

The Velvet Sparrow heard Xu Ran’s sigh and couldn’t help but become curious.

“If I’m not mistaken, this should be the grave of Huo Huo’s former owner.” Xu Ran spoke softly.

A cemetery, huh…

The Velvet Sparrow tiptoed and looked ahead.

Time slowly passed. Huo Huo, familiar with the cemetery, promptly reached a tomb that looked quite old but obviousy had been well-maintained.

Its steady steps gradually slowed down.

One step… two steps…

Huo Huo’s movements became very gentle, as if worried about disturbing the person sleeping in the grave.

Seeing this, Xu Ran dismounted from Star, with one finger on his lips gesturing for the four little ones to remain quiet. He then tip-toed to the side of the father and son of the Du family, silently watching Huo Huo’s actions.

Finally, Huo Huo arrived at the gravestone. It curled up its huge body around the tombstone.

Just like it had protected the descendants of its owner for hundreds of years, from now on, its remains would guard this grave forever.

At last, Huo Huo took a deep look at the Du family father and son and Xu Ran.

The Velvet Sparrow blinked its eyes. Suddenly, it remembered the important question it had forgotten to ask.

It took a secretive glance at Xu Ran, a faint hint of blue flashing in its eyes. @@novelbin@@

‘Giving up your freedom to guard a human for a lifetime, is it worth it?”

The questioning voice echoed in Huo Huo’s mind.

A hint of surprise swept across Huo Huo’s eyes. It was then followed by a barely noticeable smile.

“Woof-”

With a long sound, it finally closed its eyes. The strong aura around it dissipated at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The red flame, extinguished along with its life.

The Velvet Sparrow stared blankly at the lifeless Huo Huo, its last words lingering in its mind.

“If you meet the right person, naturally you’ll know the answer to this question.”