Chapter 264 - 166: The Fourth Favorite? _2

Chapter 166: The Fourth Favorite? _2

Translator: 549690339

There is plenty of time in the future.

A moment later, in the room on the second floor, Xu Ran sat on the edge of the bed, looking at the three little ones lined up in front of him, he took out two “artifacts” and began towrite.

“Physical points: 9213 points (not assigned)”

“Skill Points: 1618 points (Cancan) +5686 points (not assigned)”

“Skill Fragments: 21 pieces (Cancan) +86 pieces (not assigned)”

“Skill Fusion Stones: 17 pieces (not assigned)”

“Talent Skill Fusion Stone: 1 piece (not assigned)”

“Energy Abundant Potion: 1 bottle (not assigned)”

“Beast Master Points: 3192 points (not assigned)”

“Three Star Skill Scrolls xi”

“I know what you guys want to ask.” Looking at the three little ones staring intently at the Talent Skill Fusion Stone column, Xu Ran smiled knowingly, “This Talent Skill Fusion Stone…”

He roughly introduced the effects and limitations, and then spread his hands, “In any case, this thing will be useful in the future, but you guys can’t use it now, whether or not to exchange it in advance and stock it up is up to you.”

The three little ones glanced at each other.

“Meow-” (I won’t exchange it, let’s just keep it.)

Ziyun shook his head.

When really needed, he could borrow from other little pals, just like how he lent 3000 Beast Master Points to Cancan…

Oh right, Cancan still owed him 3000 Value Points!

Ziyun couldn’t help but give Cancan an extra look.

In any case, exchanging now doesn’t make much sense.

After some thought, Star and Cancan nodded, making the same decision as Ziyun.

“Then just hold onto it for now, I’ll give you the corresponding Value Points ahead of time as a surplus.” Xu Ran nodded and then announced the Value Points situation this time.

“All of your previous Value Points were used up, there was no surplus, and this time the total Value Points are 22701 points, each of you will get 7567 points.” After that, Xu Ran looked at Cancan.

As the only member of the team who is still preparing for evolution, it’s still Cancan’s priority to exchange.

“Charming!” (Firstly, fuse the skills!)

Cancan’s eyes glowed, full of anticipation.

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded and glanced at the little blackboard, “But even if you use all the Skill Fragments, you can’t exchange for three Two Star Skills, why not exchange for a Three Star Skill Scroll?”

Cancan shook his head.

All of its remaining three skills are strong Two Star Skills. It just needs to fuse one Two Star Skills, and it can smoothly upgrade to Three Star. Using a Three Star Skill Scroll would be kind of a loss.

With the experience of merging Echoing of Earth Vein last time, Cancan quickly thought of an alternative.

“Charming!” (We can use 20 Skill Fragments to exchange for two One Star Skills!)

With this, a few more Skill Fusion Stones need to be consumed, but the skill effects that can be obtained are more diversified and do not incur a loss.

“That works, let me help you take a look.” Xu Ran opened Cancan’s panel.

” ★★★Giving Body to Fertile Soil (Starlight Level)” (387/500)!+]

“★★EarthCollapse (Starlight Level)” (328/500)!+]

“★★Sturdy RockWall (Starlight Level)” (392/500)!+]

“★★ ★Echoing of Earth Vein (Starlight Level)” (339/500)1 + ]

“★★★Jiezimixu (Starlight Level)” (220/500)!+]

“★★Dragon Power (Starlight Level)” (67/500)! + ]

Out of the six skills, three still need to be fused.

Eath Collapse and Sturdy Rock Wall are relatively easier to fuse, but Dragon Power isn’t that easy to find a suitable skill for.

So…

Xu Ran quickly had an idea.

“★★ Earth Collapse “+”★ * Shockwave”

“Fusion Success Rate: 11.9%”

Shockwave is a common skill that causes damage to the air through high- frequency vibration.

And Earth Collapse targets the ground and underground.@@novelbin@@

After the two are fused, Earth Collapse is likely to become a skill with aerial capabilities. Just for this reason alone, it’s enough for Xu Ran to choose it, let alone that it has a not low fusion success rate with Earth Collapse.

“★★Sturdy Rock Wall” + “★★Regeneration Power”

“Fusion Success Rate: 12.1%”

Regeneration Power is a common skill that can achieve rapid regeneration, but its target of regeneration is not the caster himself, meaning it can’t be used to heal injuries.

It can regenerate certain released skills, making the skill no longer a one-time deal that depletes after it’s released and can only be re-released, but it becomes a skill whose consumed part can be replenished by consuming power, achieving the enhancement of some skills.

If it is fused with Sturdy RockWall, then the Sturdy RockWall will have the ability to self-regenerate.

The defense is already strong enough, and it can regenerate after it’s painstakingly shattered…

How beautiful is this to let it pass.

[★★Dragon Power]+[*Fervor]+[*Taunt]

[Fusion success rate: 1.2%]

The fusion success rate of Dragon Power is lower than Xu Ran’s expectation.

According to his guess, this might be related to Dragon Power being a dragonexclusive skill.

Luckily, they have plenty of skill fusion stones this time. They will force it through, even if the success rate is low.

Fervor and Taunt are the most suitable skills Xu Ran found for fusion with Dragon Power among many one-star skills.

The effect of the former is somewhat similar to Ziyun’s Blood Fury, it can improve the caster all-around. Since the increase is much lower than Blood Fury, it has no side effects.

While it’s relatively ordinary, coupled with Echoing of Earth Vein, the double stacking can still significantly improve Cancan’s power.

As for the latter…

This skill can, to a certain extent, influence the opponent, induce resentment and other negative emotions, making it a priority to attack the caster.

How does the saying go?

For a good MT, pulling aggro is a required course.

After the three skills are successfully fused, every time Cancan releases Dragon Power, it could increase his own buff and the hatred value of the opponent.

It sounds quite impressive.

Once the skills have been selected, Cancan’s integration officially begins.

The three skills stones were placed.

[★★ Earth Collapse (Starlight Level)] (328/500)! + ]

4* 4′ 4′

[★★★Earth-shattering Skyfall (Starlight Level)] (328/500)! + ]

Two more skill fusion stones are placed.

[★★ Sturdy Rock Wall(Starlight Level)] (392/500)! + ]

4’4’4′

[★★★ Eternal Iron Wall (Starlight Level)] (392/500)! + ]

After completing the fusion of the first two skills, Xu Ran paused and looked at Cancan, “How do you feel?”

“Charming!” (The feeling is so wonderful!)

Joy filled Cancan’s eyes.

With all the talent skills elevated to three stars, it felt as if the shackles of its potential were completely unlocked. Evolution is beckoning to it.

“What about the effect of the new skill?” Xu Ran asked again.

Cancan interpreted the effects, then introduced the new skills to his buddies with excitement.

As Xu Ran expected, Earth-shattering Skyfall is a skill that covers the sky, ground, and underground. Its range is a sphere centered on Cancan, which is similar to Ziyun’s Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound.

But he was surprised by some of the changes in the skill effect.

In addition to the original shock and shatter effects, Earth-shattering Skyfall also had a collapse effect at the end of the release. It could collapse and squeeze everything within the attack range, causing extensive one-time damage, and Cancan was the only one that could be exempted.

Good news, the damage is higher.

Bad news, it does not distinguish between friend and foe, so use it with caution.

As for Eternal Iron Wall…

The rock wall has been changed to a steel wall, the defense has increased, and it has regeneration ability. It can quickly repair by draining Cancan’s own power.

Xu Ran’s desired effect was achieved. The added regeneration ability alone could take this skill’s defensive power up a few notches.

“Great!” Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction, then took a deep breath, “Next, are you ready to elevate Dragon Power to three stars?”

“Unlike other skills, when a taught skill is promoted to three stars, you will suffer great pain.”

“Meow-” (Indeed.)

Ziyun agreed with a nod from the side.

It deeply understood this.

“Charming!” (Bring it on!)

Determination filled Cancan’s eyes.

All talent skills are now at three stars. Cancan felt more powerful than ever.

In one fell swoop, Dragon Power should also be upgraded to three stars!

“Okay!” Xu Ran took a deep breath and threw down seven skill fusion stones.

[★★Dragon Power (Starlight Level)] (67/100)! + ]

4′ 4′ 4′

[★★★Dragon Blood Horn (Starlight Level)] (67/100)!+]

As the prompts for the successful fusion of skills appeared, the power around Cancan violently surged. Dragon scales and fragmentary feathers grew disorderly and then disappeared on its body outside the shell. A wave of pain, like the tearing of flesh and blood, surged like a tide.

Cancan gritted its teeth, shut its eyes tightly, and its face was full of pain.

It took a long while before it finally dared to open its eyes, still with a lingering fear.

“Charming!” (Add points!)

The conditions for evolution have been met, and it’s only one step away!