Chapter 262 - 165 Sly One Man With Four Pets_2

Chapter 262: Chapter 165 Sly One Man with Four Pets_2

Translator: 549690339

“XiLu~” (That’s the Beast Master of Wind Lion Dog).

Starchen lifted its hoof and pointed in a particular direction.

Liu Gu was engrossed in a feast. Behind him was the Wind Lion Dog eating a meal as well. There was also a Sea Wave Flower hovering in the air, which seemed to be holding itself at a distance, looking rather disdainful of them. “Meow!” (Indeed!)

Ziyun’s eyes shone brightly the moment it glanced at Starchen.

“Meow?” (How long has it been since we last had a resource allocation?)

“Xi Lu- ” (It’s been ten days since we left for Xieyun City.)

Starchen looked serious as it gazed at Liu Gu, its eyes filled with an unknown implication.

“Meow…Meow?” (Do you think…if he visits the shop tomorrow, will the next resource allocation start?)

Starchen didn’t speak, it just silently nodded in agreement.

This approach could be worth trying…

“Charming?!” (Is that even possible?!)

Cancan, who was observing the conversation between Ziyun and Starchen, had excitement glittering in his eyes.

No one was looking forward to the next resource allocation more than Cancan! After all, once Starchen evolved, resource allocation would be Cancan’s forte! “Charming!” (Let’s convince him to visit the shop for washing and protection tomorrow!)

Cancan made the bold proposal.

Ziyun and Starchen looked at each other.

It seemed all three of them had the same idea.

Hearing the three little ones converse, a somewhat confused Velvet Sparrow blinked its eyes and couldn’t help but ask.

“Chirp?” (What are you talking about? What is resource allocation?)

“Meow-” (This is a secret only Xu Ran’s Pet Beasts can know!)

Ziyun glanced at the Velvet Sparrow with a profound expression.

Velvet Sparrow: “???”

Are you trying to pique my curiosity?

Definitely!

It turned its seeking gaze towards Starchen.

“Xi Lu~” (I can’t say- I can’t say-)

Starchen slightly raised its head and shook it solemnly.

Damn it!

The Velvet Sparrow rolled its eyes in frustration and then looked towards

Cancan, which it was on best terms with.

“Charming!” (There’s no point looking at me. It’s a secret-)

Cancan spread its paws, showing a helpless expression.

Velvet Sparrow:

Driven by intense curiosity, it felt as though it was being tormented, a terrible feeling.

“Humph chirp!” (Humph! Fine, don’t tell me then!)

It turned its head away and huffed.

But when it heard the three little ones continue to discuss, it couldn’t help but prick up its ears.

“Meow?” (How can we make him come to the shop tomorrow?)

Ziyun revealed a thoughtful expression and asked a key question.

Starchen looked contemplative and quickly came up with an idea.

“Xi Lu~” (We are Pet Beasts, so let’s influence his Pet Beasts!)

“Charming!” (Starchen is correct!)

Cancan swiftly nodded its head in agreement.

Just like that, the consensus was that they should tiptoe towards Xu Ran, who was still busy chatting with the guests, and sneak away.

“Chirp-” (I’m coming as well!)

Looking at the sneaky three little ones, the eyes of the Velvet Sparrow shimmered with a cunning light.

Although it didn’t know what resource allocation was, it guessed the intention of the three guys.

They wanted to entice the human Beast Master to bring his Pet Beast for washing and protection at the shop and prepared to find a way through his Pet Beast.

This task, for the Velvet Sparrow that was in possession of the Full Moon Level Order of No Conquest, was extremely simple.

It wondered what plan they could come up with while it was available as an expert.

Thinking this, the Velvet Sparrow waddled forward, following them.

The three little ones noticed that Velvet Sparrow was following them, but didn’ t mind.

As long as Xu Ran’s secret wasn’t exposed, everything else was secondary.

Soon, they appeared in front of Liu Gu.

“Huh? Aren’t you Boss Xu’s Pet Beasts?” Liu Gu recognized the three little ones at once and looked surprised, “Is Boss Xu here too? Where is he?”

All three looked in the direction of Xu Ran.

“Hey! I’ll go and greet him.” Liu Gu chuckled, “I was so busy eating, I didn’t even notice.”

“Dog, do you want to go with me?”

“Woof- ” The Wind Lion Dog vigorously shook its head, and then continued with its meal already in progress.

Being a dog, greeting people was too much to ask.

For now, eating seemed to be the top priority.

“What about the Sea Wave Flower?” Liu Gu looked over at the nearby Sea Wave Flower.

The Sea Wave Flower, silent as ever, followed along, signaling its intention to Liu Gu.

“Stay put, pup. I’ll be back.” Having said this, Liu Gu walked towards Xu Ran with Sea Wave Flower.

Opportunity!!!

The eyes of the three little ones all lit up.

They were originally thinking about how to distract the Wind Lion Dog, but they didn’t expect everything to go so smoothly.

The Velvet Sparrow following behind them couldn’t help but facepalm.

It was too easy, right?

He has not used the Order of No Conquest yet!

“Meow-” (Hold on a sec!)

Looking around, Ziyun quickly approached the Wind Lion Dog.

“Woof?”

What’s up?

The Wind Lion Dog looked at Ziyun in surprise. Considering the terrifying power Ziyun showed when saving the Tiger Hunting Squad, it’d stopped eating. “Meow?” (Your fur is a bit dirty, do you want to go for washing and protection?)

Ziyun gave the Wind Lion Dog a “you-know-what-I-mean” look.

“Woof?”

Washing and protection?

A glint of light flickered in the Wind Lion Dog’s eyes.

It remembered the wonderful experience of washing and protection at Xu Ran’s place.

However, this glint of light quickly faded in the Wind Lion Dog’s eyes.

Due to the danger encountered last time, the Tiger Hunting Squad hadn’t left the city recently and planned to rest for a while.

Liu Gu had promised it before that he would take it for washing and protection every time they returned from outside the city.

The last time they returned to the city, Xu Ran had already gone to Xieyun City. Because Sea Wave Flower couldn’t tolerate even a tiny bit of dirt, Liu Gu took it to another washing and protection shop. Although the service there wasn’t as good as Starfire Foster Care Shop, it was cleaned up nonetheless.

It’d better go for washing and protection after the next time it leaves the city. “Woof.”

I’ll go next time!

The Wind Lion Dog shook its head.

Ziyun was taken aback.

Could a pet beast actually refuse a Foster Shop’s washing and protection?

He looked for help from Star and Cancan who were standing aside.

The two little ones joined forces trying to talk the Wind Lion Dog around. However, the Wind Lion Dog was stubborn. Once it’d made up its mind, no matter what the three little ones said, it wouldn’t go to a foster shop for washing and protection.

Just as the three little ones were at a loss, a voice quietly echoed in their minds. “How about I help you? But you will have to tell me, what exactly is resource allocation?” @@novelbin@@

The three little ones looked at the Velvet Sparrow who was pulling a cute face, and then they looked at each other.

They all thought of the Velvet Sparrow’s Order of No Conquest.

If that skill was used, it seemed…

Star and Cancan both looked at Ziyun simultaneously.

Let elder sister decide on this matter!

Ziyun seemed affected and her eyes were filled with thought.

Choose some things that could be told, and tell?

“Meow- ” (Every once in a while, Xu Ran would distribute the resources he gained during this time to the three of us for upgrading. We’d each select what we need.)

“Chirp!” (So that’s how it is!)

The Velvet Sparrow, whose curiosity was satisfied, was in a good mood. There was a flicker in his sea-blue eyes.

Two-stars Skill, Full Moon Level- Order of No Conquest!

The Wind Lion Dog, which was eating, had a flash of blue at the bottom of its eyes, and it slightly paused its eating.

After thinking carefully, it’s indeed somewhat dirty after a week.

Let the Beast Master take it for washing and protection tomorrow.

Yes, that’s how it’ll be done!

Thinking of this, the Wind Lion Dog continued to eat happily.

Feeling the feedback from the Order of No Conquest, the Velvet Sparrow gave the three little ones a look.

Success!

“Uncle Liu, you’re here too?”

Having dealt with other guests, Xu Ran showed a hint of smile as he saw Liu Gu coming.

What a coincidence.

He heard that the Tiger Hunting Squad hasn’t left the city for some time, and he was regretting missing Wind Lion Dog’s last washing and protection.

By now, he has already saved enough pleasure value for two Ten Consecutive Drawing sessions. He was still thinking when he would have an opportunity to rub off some of the Lucky Fish’s luck.

Just as he was thinking, the opportunity had arrived.

“Yes.” Liu Gu laughed, “I had some communication with Senior Du Long before. We are familiar with each other, so I was invited…”

Seeing Xu Ran’s familiar hand landing on his shoulder, the corner of Liu Gu’s mouth twitched slightly.

Again?

“I see.” Xu Ran smoothly drew back his hand without leaving a trace, showed a smile on his face, and quickly changed the subject, “Uncle Liu, do you know about the Boss Cat matter?”