Chapter 266 - 167: Goal, Evolutionl_2

Chapter 167: Goal, Evolutionl_2

Translator: 549690339

Ziyun borrowed three thousand Beast Master Points from Xieyun City. With this financial backing, she was able to quickly gather all her evolution materials. She and Star also gambled using their own resources, winning her an Earth attribute resource valued at 3,40° points.

The latter propelled her to be complete in the Elite Stage in such a short time. Being taken care of so well by her older brother and sister, she wouldn’t continue to take advantage after losing first dibs.

There are many more great things after all, which her elder brother and sister surely need!

“Meow-” (Let me do it!)

Ziyun reassuredly took a glance at Cancan, before speaking up on her own. The first resource she wanted to exchange was the three-star skill scroll.

During the exchange, Ziyun specifically looked at Star.

After all, like her, Star still had a skill that hadn’t reached three-star status yet.

“XiLu~” (You go first.)

Star shook his head, implying he was not in a rush.

His Immortal Star Attraction, although just a two-star skill at present, was still enough for him.

As for the one-star skill Reduction he got from Cancan, boosting it to a three- star Jiezimixu was tempting, but Ziyun’s upgrade was more important.

Star had already guessed what the elder sister was going to do with the three- star scroll.

And reality confirmed his guess.

“Meow!” (I want to use the three-star skill scroll to upgrade Blood Fury!)

Ziyun’s voice was filled with determination.

Seeing Star and Cancan keep their talent skills to the maximum degree, blending other teaching skills into them, she was deeply moved.

Having evolved first, she hadn’t thought about such operation before.

But every coin has two sides. Ziyun could summarise the rules from Star’s and Cancan’s attempts, avoiding stepping on pitfalls.

Today, Ziyun has a new plan for strengthening.

Firstly, she is going to fuse the non-talent skills!

Moreover, It was not a simple direct fusion.

Ziyun’s goal was massive. She already set her eyes on the new level above the three-star skills, four-star!

Therefore, she intended to gradually enhance the non-talent skills to three- star, and then fuse them with talent skills in an attempt to reach four stars.

The process might be more complicated, but higher stakes bring higher returns!

Now, let her start with the one-star skill, Blood fury, which has been silently existing and has not been upgraded until now!

“Upgrade Blood Fury?” A trace of surprise appeared in Xu Ran’s eyes. He looked up at Ziyun, seemed to understand her thoughts, and anticipation also appeared in his eyes, “Then upgrade Blood Fury!”

The three-star skill scroll was ready for use!

[★Blood Fury (Waning Moon Level)](612/2000)[+]

4,4,4,

[★★★Scarlet Battle Intent (Waning Moon Level)](612/2000)[+]

Ziyun closed her eyes and then slowly opened them.

A hint of joy appeared in her eyes.

Apparently, the effect of this new skill, which upgraded from one-star to three-star in one step, was quite satisfactory to her.

“What’s the effect?” Detecting the fluctuation in Ziyun’s mood, Xu Ran asked curiously.

Even Star and Cancan were also looking forward to it at this moment.

“Meow- ” (The effect of the new skill is…)

Ziyun took a deep breath and quickly started to explain.

Hearing the description, the faces of the two pets and one human revealed a surprise.

The previous Blood Fury could boost Ziyun’s comprehensive power instantly, but the drawback was that it would cause temporary loss of rationality and would leave her in a weak state for quite some time after the effect ended.

The advantages and disadvantages were both quite apparent.

Now, compared to before, this skill has changed dramatically.

It is no longer a common skill, but a fighting attribute skill.

When this skill is used, it can greatly enhance Ziyun’s comprehensive power, and also provide additional improvements to skills containing the fighting attribute.

Its side effects have changed too.

First, after Ziyun summoned it, she would no longer fall into an uncontrollable rage state, she would still be influenced by her battle intent and become more aggressive.

Upon hearing this effect, Cancan immediately drew her head back.

Her big sister right now is already so terrifying.

If she becomes even more aggressive, then what would be left?

Other than that, the previous side effect of the weakening that resulted from Blood Fury also changed. After using it, Ziyun would lose her Fighting Attribute powers for a short period of time, becoming purely a Thunder Attribute, and she wouldn’t be able to use the corresponding skills associated with the Fighting Attribute.

In this case, even though her strength would be weakened and the Destruction Thunder Claw, Fighting Body, Heartfelt Strike, and Scarlet Battle Intent would be temporarily unusable, it doesn’t mean she would be completely unable to fight.

Overall, this round of enhancement can be summed up in one word.

Awesome!

“Meow!” (Skill fusion stone, I want to exchange three!)

Feeling the joy of enhanced strength, Ziyun turned her attention to the five remaining skill fusion stones left after Cancan’s exchange.

Considering that Star was also exchanging, she chose to exchange only three. In reality, if you follow her subsequent strengthening plan, integrating a Talent Skill to Four Stars first, the three skill fusion stones are far from enough.

She will need to save them up; once she has about a hundred or so, she can use them all at once.

“Xi Lu- ” (I’ll take the remaining two.)

Star nodded and took down the remaining two skill fusion stones.

The upgrade of the Reduction skill was temporarily set aside. Upgrading the Immortal Star Attraction to Three Stars is her main goal for the time being, hence both the skill fusion stones and skill fragments are needed.

“Xi Lu- ” (I took one less skill fusion stone, could I have the remaining seven skill fragments?)

Star turned an inquiring glance at Ziyun.

Ziyun wore a distressed expression but eventually nodded in agreement, thinking that there will certainly be no shortage of skill fusion stones when resources are allocated next time.

“Meow-” (Okay then.)

Then came the distribution of other resources.

Ziyun exchanged the only available Energy Abundant Potion.

Aside from her, both Star and Cancan already have skills that can quickly recover their strength and do not have a large demand for the Energy Abundant Potion.

Then the three little ones divided the Beast Master Points equally. Cancan used all the remaining Value Points to exchange for Skill Points and added them to Echoing of Earth Vein.

Echoing of Earth Vein (Waning Moon Level) (351/2000).

4,4,4,

Echoing of Earth Vein (Waning Moon Level) (1864/2000).

Although the skill did not reach Full Moon Level, it was very close.

Afterwards, the remaining Skill Points were divided equally between Star and Ziyun.

After they both added some points, their skill situations changed once again. Star, who previously only had the skills Night Rune, Fated Star Pulling, and Heart of Eternal Night at Full Moon Level, this time upgraded Night Inspection, Moon Concealment Star Racing and King’s Power to Full Moon Level as well. From this point onwards, the only skills she has not attained Full Moon Level are Immortal Star Attraction and Reduction.

Ziyun’s improvement was just as astonishing.

Having already decided to gradually merge non-Talent Skills into Talent Skills, she will not add Skill Proficiency to Superfast Self-healing, Scarlet Battle Intent and Reduction anymore.

Prior to this, she had already upgraded all her Three Star Skills to Full Moon Level. So this time, the skills she needed to upgrade were Heartfelt Strike and Falling Thunder, both two-star Talent Skills.

The problem is that with Ziyun’s continuous training, the proficiency of these two skills has already increased. The total Skill Points needed to upgrade both to Full Moon Level are less than a thousand.

Therefore, after a brief hesitation, Ziyun allocated the remaining Skill Points to Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound.

This particular skill was the first to reach the Full Moon Level. Back then, Ziyun who was only at Elite Stage couldn’t raise it any further.

But after Ziyun reached the Leadership Stage, Full Moon Level skills could be further upgraded either by adding points or training to increase proficiency.

With this, Ziyun, being the first beast to complete a contract, and the first beast to evolve on the team, took the lead in striving for a new skill proficiency above Full Moon Level. @@novelbin@@

In the following Physical Point exchange, Star exhausted all her Value Points, and after Ziyun exchanged the remaining part, she still had an excess of 1000 Value Points, equivalent to the Talent Skill Fusion Stone that hasn’t been exchanged.

“Allocation ended.” Xu Ran knocked on the chalkboard and said with a smile, “Rest for the evening, we’re leaving the city tomorrow.” “The goal this time is to help Cancan complete the evolution!”