Chapter 268 - 168: Why Didn’T You Ask Me Earlier? _2

Chapter 168: Why didn’t you ask me earlier? _2

Translator: 549690339

This is the horrific side effect of improving one’s strength under Jiezimixu, and also the critical reason why Ziyun and Star, despite their eagerness, did not immediately upgrade their Reduction to Three Stars.

However, this impact is minimal for what Cancan needs to do next.

“Charming—”

With a roar to the sky, an earth-colored halo swirls around Cancan’s huge body. The ground shakes vigorously, spreading in all directions from Cancan and turning into visible earthquake waves startling countless Wild Super Creatures who were watching from afar.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level-Echoing of Earth Vein!

The Earth attribute power drawn from deep within the land brings Cancan’s strength, which was already at its peak under the state of Jiezimixu, soaring again!

Fifty thousand… sixty thousand… seventy thousand!

One kilometer… two kilometers… three kilometers!

Under the release of a skill close to Full Moon Level, everything within a radius of three kilometers and the same distance underground becomes clear in Cancan’s perception!

But it’s not over yet!

“Xi Lu!” (I’ll help you!)

Star roars, and a faint light flashes around him.

Accompanied by dark and complex runes swirling around Cancan’s enormous body, a terrifying momentum brews around Cancan.

Eighty thousand… one hundred and twenty thousand… one hundred and fifty thousand!

The earth-shaking earthquake wave continues to expand, reaching levels that only a creature with Leadership Stage strength could touch!

Four kilometers… six kilometers… eight kilometers!

The next moment, after finishing the nearby reconnaissance, Cancan’s aura rapidly fades, its body instantly returning to its original length of twenty-seven meters.

The terrifying power just now had reached Cancan’s limit of control. Even a full-force exploration had it somewhat drained.

After all, Cancan is still only at the Elite Stage level at this moment, having yet to evolve.

“Charming!” (There’s none in the vicinity.)

Looking at the rapidly approaching Xu Ran and the two little ones, Cancan’s expression shows a slight regret, with a shake of its head. However, it then pauses before speaking.

“Charming (But there are a dozen resources buried underground, one of which has reached the Leadership Stage level.)

“Huh?” Xu Ran’s face shows a touch of surprise.

He didn’t expect there would be unexpected gains.

But on second thought, it seems quite normal.

Unlike within the city, the outside area serves as a habitat for Wild Super Creatures. There are often fallen Super Creatures causing the seepage of Transcendent Power, and some natural resources are randomly produced, like the Heart of the Thunder glow Stone.

These resources may not have caused much commotion when born, and might not have been detected by others Super Creatures, thus remaining buried underground, waiting for a lucky one to discover.

Other skills that can detect might find some, but surely not as efficiently as Cancan under the boost of Star.

Therefore, even in areas that many people have known and explored, they can still find some good things that ordinary people can’t.

“Can you dig it out?” Xu Ran looks at Cancan.

“Charming (Some can be dug up, but the one at the Leadership stage level is buried too deep.)

A hint of helplessness can be seen in Cancan’s eyes.

Although, under the influence of Star, its detection range reaches eight kilometers, being detectable does not mean it can be easily reached.

Cancan’s skill system is quite comprehensive now but lacks the ability to drill ground. Relying on Earth Attribute Power to dig hard would take too much time.

“It seems I need to arrange an Earth Escape type skill for you.” Xu Ran strokes his chin, also realizing Cancan’s shortcoming. “But we’U discuss that after the evolution.”

“Since the resource at the Leadership stage level can’t be dugout, there’s no need to waste time on that.” Considering the area he needs to explore on this trip out of the city, Xu Ran massages his temples.

To better help Cancan find a suitable evolution site, Xu Ran and the three little ones had already attempted in the Earth Attribute Training Area to understand the detection range of Cancan using Echoing of Earth Vein under their combined amplification.

The reason for not using Fated Star Pulling to tether Xu Ran and Star together to further increase the amplification effect is that it has already exceeded Cancan’s endurance limit.

The limit that Cancan can withstand at present is the one hundred fifty thousand reached by Echoing of Earth Vein + Jiezimixu + Night Rune.

Having determined the detection range, Xu Ran divided all the areas within the outskirts of the Beast Field he knew into dozens of detection points, ensuring a comprehensive coverage.

The mission this time out of the city is to detect all these points.

“Let’s go! Next, to the next detection point!”

As long as they are not too unlucky, a suitable place should be found for Cancan to evolve in such a vast area.

“Alright, our luck isn’t that great.”

At dusk the next day, Xu Ran stood with the three little ones at the last detection point and heaved a resigned sigh.

“Charming…” (What about my evolution…)

Coming out of Jiezimixu state and returning to its original size, Cancan lowered its head in frustration, looking utterly disheartened.

In the span of two days, they had searched dozens of detection points and found no trace of Earth attribute Dragon Extraordinary Being corpses, gradually dampening the enthusiasm they had felt when leaving the city.

The last detection point also yielded no buried remnants of Earth attribute Dragon Extraordinary Beings, leaving Cancan utterly devastated.

Cancan thought once it had met the evolution conditions and gathered the right materials, it would be very close to evolution. @@novelbin@@

Never did it expect, this step would be so difficult.

“You don’t need to be too upset.” Xu Ran sighed gently and motioned for Cancan to come over.

Cancan quickly reduced its size, rubbing its head against Xu Ran’s palm.

“We may not have found the right place for your evolution, but such places certainly exist,” Xu Ran said softly, “We have only searched the areas that are shown on our map.”

“In the context of Beast Field 97, these areas may not even constitute one ten thousandths of the total.”

“Thus, as long as we keep searching, we are sure to find it.”

The glow in Cancan’s eyes gradually brightened.

It seemed that there was still hope.

“Charming?” (When will we continue the search?)

“We must return home first.” Xu Ran paused a moment before saying, “The upcoming areas are all uncharted territories. Your detection could alert some unknown transcendent beings, causing danger and trouble.”

The best method would be to return to the city, gather more maps,” Xu Ran stroked Cancan’s head, “and come back for more comprehensive preparation!” “Charming!” (Okay!)

Cancan nodded heavily.

While it is eager to evolve, it understands from Xu Ran that this is the best course of action.

“Let’s go home.”

Xu Ran looked towards Qingzhou City, nestled at the end of their view.

After much wandering, having screened a full circle, they returned to the area adjacent to Qingzhou City.

The return journey wouldn’t take up too much time, and they could just catch the city’s final opening of the day.

“Chirp-” (So, you guys went to aid Cancan in its evolution?)

The Velvet Sparrow studied the travel-weary company of one human and three pets. After waiting for two days and a night, its curiosity was finally satiated.

It gave Cancan, who appeared the same and showed no increase in strength, a once over before flapping its wings and hopping onto Cancan’s head to pat it.

“Chirp-” (Well… Evolution is not an easy thing, failure is normal.)

“Charming!” (I haven’t failed at all!)

Cancan irritably shook its head, tossing the Velvet Sparrow onto a nearby artificial mountain.

“Charming!” (I just haven’t found the right spot to evolve, that’s all.)

“Chirp?” (What’s this about the right spot for evolution?)

The Velvet Sparrow looked at Cancan strangely before flapping its wings nonchalantly.

“Chirp-” (Let’s hear it, maybe I might know?)

Cancan gave the Velvet Sparrow a disgusted look, apparently not believing it.

However, Cancan, who was not in the best of moods, still provided an answer offhand.

“Charming!” (I need to find a buried corpse of an Earth attribute Dragon Extraordinary Being…)

Huh?

The Velvet Sparrow looked at Cancan quizzically.

“Chirp?” (Why didn’t you ask me earlier?)

Still got 8000, let’s do it!