Chapter 269 - 169 - Xu Ran’S Doubt_L

Chapter 169 – Xu Ran’s Doubt_l

Translator: 549690339

“What? The Velvet Sparrow knows a place like that?”

He rushed back to the shop and before he could even take a breather, he heard such shocking news from Cancan. Xu Ran’s expression immediately turned strange.

His gaze moved from Cancan’s enthusiastic big head to the Velvet Sparrow who was lazily sitting on Cancan’s back, looking utterly relaxed.

“You really know where the carcass of a dragon-class super creature with earth attribute is?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but reconfirm.

“Chirp-” (Yeah, I just happen to know one.)

The Velvet Sparrow raised a wing lazily, then repeatedly patted its rotund tummy.

It’s the little princess of Beast Realm after all, such a small matter is a piece of cake for it.

It happened to know the location of an earth attribute dragon-class super creature corpse.

Moreover, the aforementioned creature was considerably strong when it was alive, it had reached a king-level.

The reason why it knew is that the creature was personally slain by its father.

Otherwise, the six kings of Beast Realm might have become seven kings.

Although it doesn’t know why its father buried that king-level dragon-class super creature so simply, not taking anything from its body, the Velvet Sparrow has long gotten used to its father’s eccentricities.

Thinking about how it previously used Xu Ran’s already known evolution secret in exchange for free board and meals, the Velvet Sparrow felt a bit embarrassed.

With this, it should be able to offset its free meals and accommodation here, right?

Thinking of this, the sparrow couldn’t help but puff out its little tummy with pride.

The Velvet Sparrow really knew…

Xu Ran couldn’t help but stroke his chin.

He remembered that the Sparrow had mentioned before, that it had once been abandoned outside the city and had struggled to live for a while out there. So it wasn’t unfamiliar with the vicinity around the city.

If he was lucky enough to encounter Thunderbolt Half Mountain, perhaps the sparrow was likewise lucky and happened upon a suitable earth attribute dragon carcass for Cancan’s evolution?

Upon thinking about this, it seemed possible.

“Then… can you tell me the location of that place?” Xu Ran deeply inhaled, inquiring with a tinge of tentativeness.

“Chirp-” (Of course not!)

The Velvet Sparrow vigorously shook its head, immediately followed by a triumphant look in its eyes.

“Chirp-” (You guys have to take me with you, I’ll lead the way.)

“Take you with us?” Xu Ran blinked his eyes. Thinking about how the Velvet Sparrow wanted to tag along yesterday before they set off, it suddenly dawned on him.

This little guy wants to seize the opportunity to go out of the city with them. @@novelbin@@

If the Velvet Sparrow can provide information on the evolution site, taking it along wouldn’t be a problem at all.

“Alright.” Xu Ran deeply inhaled, “Rest for a night, we’ll leave the city again early tomorrow morning. If you can indeed help us find Cancan’s evolution site, you can stay with me for as long as you like in the future.”

“Chirp!” (It’s a deal!)

The Velvet Sparrow nodded in satisfaction.

That’s the words it was waiting for from Xu Ran!

Hopping down from Cancan’s back, the Velvet Sparrow swayed its way towards the foster area, waving its wing to Xu Ran and the three little ones behind it.

“Chirp-” (See you tomorrow then-)

“Chirp-” (In that direction, let’s go!)

On the next day, the excited Velvet Sparrow who was leaving Qingzhou City with Xu Ran and the three pets, pointed in a certain direction.

“Charming!” (Let’s go!)

Cancan also let out an excited cheer, turning its head to look at the Velvet Sparrow on its back with gratitude in its eyes.

If it weren’t for the Velvet Sparrow, who knew when it would be able to complete its evolution.

“Let’s go, let’s check it out together.”

Xu Ran checked the direction indicated by the Velvet Sparrow against the area map he had, he had only explored about twenty kilometers in that direction, the rest were all unknown territories.

A trace of worry appeared on his face.

Is the Velvet Sparrow really reliable?

“Chirp-” (I know this route very well, I assure you that we will reach safely.)

Seemingly noticing Xu Ran’s worry, the Velvet Sparrow patted its chest with its small wing, confidently answering.

“Then, I’ll be counting on you.” Xu Ran smiled.

“Xi Lu!” (Let’s go!)

Star raised its forelegs and with a roar, it took off at a breakneck speed. Following Velvet Sparrow’s directions, he shot straight toward their destination.

“Caw?”

At a place in N0.97 Beast Realm Core Area, a giant bird with wings spread wide to thirty feet suddenly fluttered its wings.

It looked in a certain direction from afar; a touch of human like doubt flashed across its usually calm and indifferent eyes.

Leaving the human city?

How did this happen?

What is that human kid doing by taking Little Twelve outside of the city?

Even though it can sense Little Twelve’s situation and circumstances with the hidden power left on Little Twelve, as it pleases, it was focused on other matters and couldn’t keep an eye on Little Twelve around the clock.

In the previous period, Little Twelve had been exploring the human city day after day, not encountering any dangers. So, it had also let its guard down, gradually not paying much attention these past few days.

The fact that Little Twelve’s location is now outside the human city, once again drew its attention to Little Twelve’s situation.

The next moment, its expression slightly changed.

Did it hear something?

Its own Little Twelve, is going to lead that human kid to find the corpse of Earth Crack Dragon King?!

And the reason to find it, is to let that human kid’s pet beast complete its evolution?!

The Nightmare Beast King, whose authority intimidates N0.97 Beast Realm, once again showed the distressed expression of a worried father at this moment.

Little Jacket, there’s really a leak now!