Chapter 263 - 166: The Fourth Favorite? _1

Chapter 166: The Fourth Favorite? _1

Translator: 549690339

“Boss Cat…” Liu Gu’s attention was quickly diverted, forgetting the little interlude that just happened, “Speaking of which, I really have to thank you.” “I’ve heard some things about it before, I didn’t expect it to join our squad as an independent pet beast.” Excitement appeared on Liu Gu’s face, “With this, our squad now technically has Leadership Stage combat prowess.”

“We were initially planning to rest for a month or two, but due to this, the captain has decided to shorten our rest period.” Liu Gu scratched his head, but there was not much dissatisfaction on his face, “We and Boss Cat need to accommodate each other.”

“I believe Boss Cat will be a trustworthy teammate.” Xu Ran spoke earnestly.

“I think so too.” Liu Gu laughed, chatted with Xu Ran a bit more, then excused himself to head in the direction of the Wind Lion Dog.

Xu Ran lowered his waving hand, his face showing a hint of emotion.

He had benefited from Liu Gu’s luck so many times, yet it was still as steady as ever.

Two batches of ten, resulted in two purple items.

One was a three-star skill scroll, while the other was something new.

And it was somewhat beyond his expectations.

[Talent Skill Fusion Stone]

[The Talent Skill Fusion Stone is a special item produced by the System, capable of fusing two or more talent skills to form a stronger skill.]

[Warm Reminder: Do not attempt to fuse talent skills before the Emperor Species. ]

This reward…

The corners of Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

He recalled that when he first received the skill fusion stone, he attempted to fuse Ziyun’s Electric Spark with Electric Pursue. The fusion success rate was displayed as o, leading him to speculate that talent skills could not be fused. Later on, he tried fusing the talent skills of Star and Cancan, but the success rate was still o, which confirmed his conjecture.

He never thought that talent skills could be fused, but not with an ordinary skill fusion stone.

A purple-rarity Talent Skill Fusion Stone-

Xu Ran couldn’t help but grimace.

He could already imagine how difficult the fusion process would be.

Moreover, his current three pets wouldn’t be able to fuse using the Talent Skill Fusion Stone.

The System specially added a tip, fully illustrating the importance of the issue.

Only Emperor Species can fuse Talent Skills…

Xu Ran couldn’t help but show a thoughtful expression.

What was the principle behind this?

Talent skills were inherent skills that came with the awakening process, corresponding to the potential and abilities within a pet beast’s lineage. When upgrading talent skills and upgrading other skills, the pet beasts’ feelings were completely different.

From this perspective, the fusion of talent skills perhaps signifies…

A unity of one’s own power?

Xu Ran made a few wild guesses, but in the end, there was no conclusion.

He quickly checked the remaining rewards.

Seventeen skill fusion stones, one Energy Abundant Potion.

Great, the evolution conditions for Cancan would surely be met after this distribution.

“Charming!” (We can distribute resources tomorrow!)

Cancan’s excited voice sounded just then.

Speak of Cancan, and Cancan appears.

“We don’t have to wait until tomorrow, we can distribute resources tonight. However, how did you guys know?” Xu Ran curiously asked the three little ones whose faces were full of joy.

Ziyun: “????”

Star: “????”

Cancan:”????”

They can distribute resources tonight?

They don’t have to wait for the Wind Lion Dog to come for the Washing and Protection?

The three little ones were dumbstruck.

A nearby Velvet Sparrow covered its mouth and giggled.

Although it didn’t fully understand, bui

lt seemed like it had mooched off of Ziyun’s enlightenment?

A moment later, Xu Ran understood the whole story from Ziyun’s dejected explanation.

“You three rascals…” Xu Ran laughed and shook his head while pointing at them, then turned and pointed at the Velvet Sparrow, “And you!”

“Don’t do this in the future, you can’t abuse a skill like the Order of No Conquest.”

I’m not your pet beast, I won’t listen to you!

The Velvet Sparrow was about to retort, but when it met Xu Ran’s eyes, it meekly lowered its head.

“Chirp-” (Alright alright-)

“Once the Wind Lion Dog comes tomorrow, give it free washing and protection.” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, “After all, it wasn’t intending to come in the first place, I would feel bad collecting money.”

Upon hearing this, the three little ones also lowered their heads guiltily.

They also realized that what they did wasn’t quite right.

The solemn and dignified bell sounded in the hall.@@novelbin@@

The chattering guests silenced all at once, the smiles on their faces quickly vanished, and their expressions became serious.

The funeral and memorial ceremony for Huo Huo officially began.

“Upstairs!”

Xu Ran waved his hand, and the three little ones who had returned to the store immediately rushed upstairs.

The Velvet Sparrow watched them, its eyes filled with a hint of envy and loneliness.

It felt like they were leaving it out.

But the Velvet Sparrow knew that it wasn’t Xu Ran’s pet beast, so the resource distribution certainly wouldn’ t involve it.

“Chirp-” (I’m going back to the foster area, thanks for having me today!)

It nodded at Xu Ran, swayed its tail, and headed towards the underground floor through the back door.

Watching the Velvet Sparrow leave, Xu Ran gently shook his head and laughed.

Truth be told, seeing the Velvet Sparrow with the three little ones today, he genuinely felt like it was one of his own pet beast.

Should he…Contract this little guy for his fourth pet?

Forget it, he’d see what happens.

Even if he was willing, the Velvet Sparrow might not agree.

He could tell that it was very independent, didn’t want to contract with humans, and it seemed to be hiding some secrets.

Yawning lazily, Xu Ran leisurely headed upstairs.

It’s still early for the contract power to break through to the fourth stage.