Chapter 273 - 171: The Strength Of The Panlong Turtle! _1

Chapter 171: The Strength of the Panlong Turtle! _1

Translator: 549690339

“Cancan, maybe you should shrink a bit.”

Looking up at his Pet Beast, Xu Ran helplessly shook his head.

His original size was already enormous. If it used Jiezimixu to amplify its size to the limit, it would probably be even more excessive.

Although, the size of a Pet Beast doesn’t necessarily correlate with its strength. Some Pet Beasts even become smaller as their Growth Stage increases.

But Cancan’s extreme size was indeed unprecedented.

“Charming-”

Cancan shook its massive head, recognizing that its size was a bit exaggerated. Immediately, it used Jiezimixu to reduce its huge body…again and again.

Soon, it managed to reduce its size to around four meters.

Which, for the moment, was its limit.

“Looks like you have to stay in the Foster Area temporarily until Jiezimixu is upgraded to the Full Moon Level.” Xu Ran gave a bitter smile.

“Charming!” (Let’s work hard and become stronger!)

Cancan’s eyes shined brightly, nodding in agreement.

Once the Proficiency of the Echoing of Earth Vein skill nears the Full Moon level, it will be time to upgrade Jiezimixu next!

“Let’s see what new skills you have after evolution…” Xu Ran said, opening Cancan’s skill panel.

[Contract Pet Beast: Cancan

Race name: Panlong Turtle

Attribute: Earth attribute

Growth stage: Leadership Stage (17.9W/3OW)

Species Level: King Species

Skills:

[★★★Giving Body to Fertile Soil (Waning Moon Level)](15/2OOO)[+]

[★★★Earth-shattering Skyfall (Waning Moon Level)](i3/2ooo)[+]

[★★★Eternal Iron Wall (Waning Moon Level)](i7/2OOO)[ + ]

[★★★Echoing of Earth Vein (Waning Moon Level)](i887/2OOO)[+]

[★★★Jiezimixu (Waning Moon Level)](22/2ooo)[+]

[★★★Dragon Turtle’s Power (Waning Moon Level)](2i/2000)[+]

[★★Burrow Soil (Stardust Level)](o/ioo)[ + ]]

“Hmm?”

Looking over all the skills, Xu Ran stroked his chin, revealing a surprised expression.

From a Proficiency perspective, only the Tw stars Skill called Burrow Soil seemed to appear recently.

So, where was King’s Power?

After going over the skills once more, Xu Ran focused on the Three Star Skill called Dragon Turtle’s Power.

The initial Dragon Blood Horn was replaced by this skill.

Combining this with the would-be King’s Power that has disappeared, an intriguing conjecture appeared in Xu Ran’s mind.

Could these two skills have…

“Cancan, what’s the situation with Dragon Turtle’s Power?”

Hearing Xu Ran asking about this, Cancan’s eyes lit up with excitement.

It had been wanting to tell Xu Ran about this!

After evolving and sensing its own Power, it was shocked too!

“Charming!” (Dragon Blood Horn and King’s Power merged during the evolution!)

“I thought so.” Xu Ran revealed an enlightened expression, “The two Three Star Skills combined during the evolution process…”

Among the three little ones, only Ziyun and Cancan had additional evolution conditions for their Skills. The changes in their additional Skills after their evolutions were different, too.

Ziyun’s additional Skill evolved into its Talent Skill, transforming from its original Thunder Attribute to a combination of Thunder and Fighting Attributes.

Cancan’s additional Skill, on the other hand, fused with the newly formed King’s Power Skill.

Hearing the conversation between Xu Ran and his Pet Beast, Ziyun’s expression fell.

It had assumed it would be the first in the team to fuse three-star skills. Never did it expect that Cancan, the most recent member/teammate, accomplished it first.

What was more unbearable was that Cancan’s Skill Fusion took place during the evolution process, without consuming a single fusion stone!

Darn it!

Star, standing by their side, also showed a hint of envy.

The Power of two three-star skills fused together would undoubtedly surpass that of normal three-star skills by a lot. It wanted such a Skill too!

As for the Velvet Sparrow, listening to Xu Ran and Cancan’s conversation, it was completely dumbfounded.@@novelbin@@

After evolution, both its three-star skills…fused?

Some secrets its father once mentioned suddenly popped into Velvet Sparrow’s mind.

The key to evolution is the strengthening of Talent Skills, and it is through the improvement of Talent Skills that one’s life level is elevated, thus reaching higher stages.

Because developing Talent Skills to higher star levels gets increasingly difficult, Beast Kings are already very rare, let alone Beast Emperors and the even more mysterious Beast Saints. Among billions of Transcendent Beings, it’s probably impossible for one to be born.

Since ancient times, countless Transcendent Beings have climbed the Ladder of Evolution and paid the price with their lives, concluding that the key to evolution lies in the development and strengthening of one’s Talent Skills.

Through development, one can continuously strengthen his Talent Skills, getting closer to higher star levels, thus effectively reducing the difficulty of evolution.

The most effective method of development and strengthening is to master additional skills, learn through analogy different skills, find the common points between the additional skills and the Talent Skills, and finally fuse them into one stronger skill.

However, only a very small number of highly talented Transcendent Beings can accomplish this.

Thinking of this, the Velvet Sparrow couldn’t help but take a cold breath.

An unparalleled genius…is by my side?

Looking at Cancan, which had become much more powerful than it after a single evolution and even had stronger talents, the Velvet Sparrow couldn’t help feeling inferior.

Darn it, the human world is terrifying.

The traditionally talented it from the Beast Field has been constantly hit hard on talent since coming to the world of Humans..