Chapter 278 - 173: Sprint For Main Task 2 2

Chapter 173: Sprint for Main Task 2 2

Translator: 549690339 |

During the process of applying drugs and pranking, no matter whether the pet beast is at the Transcendent Stage or the King Stage, the physical points and skill points obtained are the same.

But the effect of Fur Plucking is to randomly obtain the skills of the pet beast, so the strength of the pet beast itself matters.

The current B level Fur Plucking can theoretically obtain three-star skills, a three-star skill can be broken down into 20 skill fragments, enough to increase Xu Ran’s skill fragments harvest several times, not to mention useful three-star skills, which will be more profitable without breaking down.

But… there aren’t many King Species in the whole Qingzhou City, so what to do?

The current Xu Ran can only hope that, after arriving at Xieyun City, the effect of Fur Plucking can be maximized.

The three little ones shed tears again.

A thousand skill fragments, can be exchanged for a hundred one-star skills, twenty-five two-star skills, five three-star skills, but now they have to be used to upgrade the shopkeeper.

What’s more terrifying is that this means that they can’t allocate resources for as long as two months!

Two months!

They won’t be able to get through the day!

Damn it!

“Boss, I think in this situation, we might be able to… hmm?” Tony winked at Xu Ran.

“Just spit it out.” Xu Ran’s corner of his mouth twitched slightly.

“Skill fragments come from Washing and Protection,” Tony showed a mysterious smile, “and the accumulation of skill fragments is very slow because Qingzhou City lacks middle-layer Beast Masters.”

Xu Ran nodded slightly.

The so-called middle layer refers to the level of General and King.

Tony’s analysis hit the nail on the head.

“The situation in Qingzhou City can’t change in a short period, and it’s not possible to attract Beast Masters from other places to the shop, so…” Tony held up a finger, “we only have one way.”

“Discount!” Tony drew a big heart in the air with his hands, and finally gathered his hands above his head, “Use limited-time discounts to attract more customers for washing and protection, using quantity to replace quality!” “This…” Xu Ran’s corner of his mouth twitched slightly, “It sounds reasonable, but will it really work?”

“It has to work!” Tony patted his chest, “Boss, trust me, put out the news tomorrow, and wait for the washing and protection to explode!”

Xu Ran and the three little ones exchanged a glance.

“Well, let’s give it a try.”

“Xiaoxiao!” The next morning, Lin Yue rushed to Su Xiaoxiao, panting and leaning on the table, unable to say a word for a while.

“Drink some water, take a breath.” Su Xiaoxiao helplessly handed over her water cup, “When will you change your gasping habit, A Yue?”

“Heh heh~” After swigging a large gulp of water, Lin Yue chuckled, then remembered why she had come, “I saw some super hot news on my way to school. You definitely wouldn’t guess!”

“Stop beating around the bush, just say it.” Su Xiaoxiao reached out her hand and pinched Lin Yue’s waist.

“I’ll tell, I’ll tell.” Lin Yue hurriedly begged for mercy, “I saw that the Starfire Foster Care Shop has a limited-time discount on washing and protection services!” @@novelbin@@

“Boss Xu is offering discounts?” Su Xiaoxiao blinked, looking astonished.

“Yeah, you always complain that you’ve introduced so much business to him but he never gives you a discount, right? Well, now the discount is here!” Lin Yue giggled, “And it’s a 50% discount-”

“50%…”

Hearing this discount, Su Xiaoxiao’s smile gradually faded. She didn’t get happy, instead she seemed to remember something and looked disappointed. “Xiaoxiao? What’s wrong with you?” Lin Yue hurriedly shook Su Xiaoxiao’s shoulder, “The washing and protection service is being discounted, you should be happy, right?”

“But… I think, if the Starfire Foster Care Shop is suddenly offering such a discount, it might be a precursor to opening a branch.” Su Xiaoxiao shook her head and sighed slightly.

“Open a branch?” Lin Yue looked surprised, “That’s good news! It would be best if it opens near our house, which will make washing and protection services more convenient.”

“A Yue…” Su Xiaoxiao looked at Lin Yue and finally couldn’t help but reveal a hint of what she had accidentally learned when she went to Xieyun City.

“Boss Xu… might be going to open a branch in Xieyun City.”

“Brother! Brother!”

“Something terrible has happened!”

Hearing the yelling outside the door, Lyu Guang in the tea room glanced at his father Lyu Hong, who was calmly sipping tea across from him, and then put down the tea cup in his hand, “Dad, I’ll go take a look.”

“Just let this brat come in, I want to see what terrible thing has happened again.” Lyu Hong snorted and waved his hand.

Lyu Guang helplessly turned his head to the door, “A Ji, come in and talk!” “Creak-”

The door of the tea room was pushed open, and a figure rashly rushed in, “Brother Lyu Guang, I tell you, you…uh… Master, you are here too…” “I wouldn’t dare to.” Lyu Hong sipped his tea, opening his mouth in annoyance, which made A Ji chuckle somewhat awkwardly, “Get to the point, cut the chitchat.”

“Yes…” A Ji shrunk his head, becoming immediatly obedient, “…It’s just that… The Starfire Foster Care Shop is offering a discount on cleaning and caring.” “How much is the discount?”

Looking at Lyu Hong, who suddenly got up and stood in front of him, A Ji blinked his eyes.

Who was it just now that told him to cut the chitchat?

But he dared not voice such a comment.

A Ji immediately answered honestly.

“Fifty percent.”

“Let’s go!”

Lyu Hong waved his large sleeve, “Take all the pet beasts from our Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion there. This kid owes us from when he took the Power Bone Dust last time, we have to get our wool back this time!”

Lyu Guang followed behind Lyu Hong, shaking his head helplessly. As if recalling something, a sense of regret began to show in his eyes. He had originally planned to break through to the third stage with contract power and have another match with this guy.

Will there be such an opportunity in the future?

“Haha, we gained a lot more on this trip out of the city than before!” Liu Gu laughed as he walked through the open city gate, his face filled with the joy of a full haul.

“We owe a lot to Boss Cat!” Zhang Yun patted Boss Cat, who was following closely behind the others, “Several times we encountered danger and it was thanks to Boss Cat that we were saved. After we exchange our harvest this time, you should take some more.”

“Meow-”

This was everyone’s contribution.

A trace of smile was in Boss Cat’s eyes.

Over the past few days, it had gradually become familiar with its new teammates.

These human Beast Masters possessed a straight-forwardness that it liked, making their rapport very harmonious.

Although they could not fully understand Boss Cat’s meaning, the Tiger Hunting Squad could understand most of it through their interactions over these past few days.

For a moment, all kinds of praise for Boss Cat flooded in, making Boss Cat’s smile even brighter.

Feeling needed like this, felt really good.

“Speaking of which, we have to thank Boss Xu for introducing Boss Cat to us.” Du Heng smiled, “Why don’t we all go to the Starfire Foster Care Shop and get our pet beasts groomed?”

“I have no objections, I was going to go anyway.” Liu Gu laughed heartily, then looked to the others, “What about you guys?”

“There’s a promotion today, cleaning and grooming is half price.” Du Heng added with a smile, “The Armored Rhinoceros told me.”

”We have to go!” X3

“Meow-”

“Shadow Chaser Lizard, Variegated Dragon Sparrow, that’s it for today’s training.”

Zhou Hao glanced at the timer on the wall of the training room and spoke softly.

“Crack!”

The Shadow Chaser Lizard walked out from the dark, its black scales glinting with a deep and mysterious light.

“Squawk!”

From the sky, the Variegated Dragon Sparrow plunged down, stirring up a gust of wind, and came to Zhou Hao’s side with a whoosh.

The two pet beasts looked at each other, and then instinctively averted their gaze.

Seeing this, a satisfied smile appeared on Zhou Hao’s face.

Despite nearly two months of trying, he hadn’t been able to make these two pet beasts become friends. But at least, they were now able to accept each other’s presence peacefully.

As long as he continued his efforts, he believed that one day these two pet beasts would be able to coexist peacefully. This was his responsibility as a Beast Master, something he had previously overlooked.

“Here are your rewards.” Zhou Hao took out two bags of pet beast food and placed them in front of the Shadow Chaser Lizard and the Variegated Dragon Sparrow.

“After you finish eating, I’ll take you to get groomed.”

“I heard that the Starfire Foster Care Shop is offering half price cleaning and grooming today-”