Chapter 274 - 171: The Strength Of The Panlong Turtle! _2

Chapter 171: The Strength of the Panlong Turtle! _2

Translator: 549690339

“How effective are these two skills?” Oblivious to the Velvet Sparrow’s complex emotions, Xu Ran looked at Cancan with curious inquiry.

“Charming!” (Burrow Soil allows me to move through the ground as smoothly as swimming!)

Cancan exclaimed excitedly.

Although the newly-emerged Dragon Turtle’s Power is a three-star skill, and

not just any three-star skill but a fusion of two three-star skills, Cancan nevertheless prefers the newly-awakened two-star skill.

The reason is quite simple.

During previous explorations outside the city, even though no Earth attribute

dragon carcass was found, Cancan used the Echoing of Earth Vein to detect hundreds of resources buried deep underground.

With its previous abilities, it was hard to gather these resources – they could only watch them lie buried underground.

Now that Cancan has evolved, its strength has significantly increased and it can explore a much larger underground range, bound to discover even more resources.

This skill came just at the right time.

“I see.” Xu Ran quickly understood Cancan’s intentions, a smile playing on his face, “It seems that you have a new source of resources from now on.”

The resources in the areas they had explored were not of very high grade, primarily of Elite Level, with occasional Leader Level items. There were no items of Marshal Level.

However, given the vast quantity of these resources, gathering them all and exchanging them for Beast Master Points at the Beast Master Association would result in a substantial gain.

Ziyun and Star simultaneously showed expressions of envy.

As they still rely on Xu Ran for the resources to strengthen themselves, is

Cancan about to become self-sufficient?

“Charming-” (As for the Dragon Turtle’s Power…)

Just as Cancan was about to introduce the other skill, a fierce roar came faintly

from the deeper parts of the beast field.

“What is…” Xu Ran’s expression suddenly turned serious.

The three little ones also turned serious, their erstwhile relaxed expressions gone.

In this roar, there was a hint of majesty that made one shiver.

They were all too familiar with this ability.

King’s Power.

And only the King’s Power of a Waning Moon Level or above could have such an application!

The person and the three pets looked in the direction the noise came from, alertness in their eyes.

This was outside the city.

Where did this sudden roar come from?

“Chirp…”

Awe and confusion flashed through the Velvet Sparrow’s eyes.

It seemed to recognize something familiar from the roar?

“Mount up!”

Without any hesitation, Xu Ran immediately scooped up Ziyun and the Velvet

Sparrow and sat on Star’s broad back.

Cancan was too big to sit on Star’s body but it slowly submerged most of its body into the mud and activated the Burrow Soil skill. However, it couldn’t help looking deep into the ground.

There seemed to be something still attracting it on the corpse of the Earth attribute giant dragon of King Stage.

“Back to the city!”

“Charming…” (Okay…)

Knowing the dangers outside the city, Cancan braced itself and followed Star,

who was already running quickly towards Qingzhou City.

However, their movement was quickly halted.

The distant aura was approaching at very high speed, and even Stars running

at full speed had no chance of escaping it.

And as that aura became clearer, their expressions changed.

“General Stage?!”

Xu Ran exclaimed in disbelief and astonishment.

They hadn’t even entered the area with Leader Stage beings, how could they encounter a General Stage Extraordinary Being?

Such a creature should be in the core area of beast field 97, right?!

Before seeing the creature, the three little ones felt a terrible pressure, and at

that moment, their expressions became serious.

This terrifying pressure gave them a feeling of powerlessness.@@novelbin@@

The Velvet Sparrow’s expression also changed.

However, unlike the others, the Velvet Sparrow became flustered and surprised upon sensing the incredibly familiar aura.

It couldn’t possibly mistake this aura!

Wasn’t this one of its father’s subordinates sent to find it?

The creature had found it at this time?!

For a moment, the Velvet Sparrow’s eyes were full of guilt and deep regret towards Xu Ran and the three little ones.

This was bad, it had dragged Xu Ran and the three pets into trouble!

The opponent was coming straight for it, but seeing it with the human Beast

Master, the Velvet Sparrow didn’t need to think about what it would do. It could already guess.

Those who can step into the General Stage under its father would naturally be

King Species. In terms of species hierarchy, the three of them had no advantage.

In terms of growth stage, the gap between the General Stage and the leadership stage was like a vast chasm.

So…

Looking at the revealed figure, its identity was just as the Velvet Sparrow had guessed. It was indeed an extraordinary being at the General Stage under its father, the Velvet Sparrow couldn’t help shouting out.

“Chirp!” (You guys just leave me and run, it won’t hurt… huh?!)

Looking at the pair of ferocious claws tearing towards itself, the velvet sparrow was taken aback. It was a General Stage extraordinary being.

That’s not right…

Why did this guy want to attack itself?!

Wasn’t it afraid of its dad skinning it alive?

“Chirp!!!” (Help!!!)

The velvet sparrow was panicked all of sudden.

“Cancan!”

Xu Ran let out a low shout, his gaze focused on the purple tiger in the sky with black patterns all over its body.

King Species of the Thunder Attribute, the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger! “Charming!”

In an instant, Cancan rose from the earth, its body ballooning in size within a breath’s time.

Ten meters…fifty meters…one hundred meters…

Even at its original height, Cancan showed no signs of stopping.

Its robust body continued to grow in size.

Two hundred meters…three hundred meters…five hundred meters!!!

At that moment, Cancan was like a towering peak. Even the Roaring Thunder

Sky Tiger, which was more powerful, could only bow to it!

Along with its increase in size, Cancan’s momentum also soared.

Two hundred thousand…three hundred thousand…five hundred thousand!!!

An earthy yellow glow swept over Cancan’s body in a flash, swirling as if flowing over a majestic mountain.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level – Echoing of Earth Vein!

“Xi Lu!” (I’ll back you up!)

Stars emitted a roar, with Dark Power surging around them, its momentum increasing at a pace not in the least bit inferior to Cancan’s.

Xu Ran, on its back, didn’t know when, but he had already deeply connected with its power.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level – Fated Star Pulling!

Complex black patterns appeared around Cancan’s massive body in a flash, and in tandem with the Echoing of Earth Vein, Cancan’s power once again surged. Six hundred thousand…seven hundred thousand…eight hundred thousand… Nine hundred thousand…one million…one hundred and ten thousand! “Boom!!!”

Accompanied by a booming noise, the Velvet Sparrow only felt a darkness before its eyes. A rapidly rising wall of steel on the ground fiercely blocked the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger’s strike.

The terrifying thunder-claw shadow only left faint traces on the wall of steel, and those few traces were gradually fading away at a rate visible to the naked eye.

The Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger was dumbstruck.

It had already prepared to withdraw its power. Did they really blocked it?!

It, one of the four generals under the Nightmare Beast King, and nearly perfect at the Marshal Level, and with a Halo Level proficiency skill, was blocked by a few young ones at the Leader Stage?

And what was with these young ones? They’ve almost reached the Marshal

Level in terms of strength!

“Charming!” (Dragon Turtle’s Power!)

Easily blocking the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger’s attack, Cancan’s eyes shone

with exhilaration. It burst forth with all its might to execute its current strongest skill.

An invisible force enveloped the surrounding area. With Cancan at the center, golden turtle light patterns flashed across the sky within a three-kilometer radius, instantly suppressing the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger on the scene! “Meow-” (Watch me!)

A glint of war-like anticipation flashed in Ziyun’s eyes, with dark patterns fluttering around its body. A fierce light flashed deep in its eyes, and its figure had already appeared in front of the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger at the sound of the lightning bolt.

You dare to challenge me?

I will take your attack with my face, without moving an inch!

A look of disdain flashed in the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger’s eyes. However, the sight of a deep purple energy ball emerging in Ziyun’s paw made its face turn paper white.

It seemed that it could not withstand this object!

Retreat!

Remembering what its king had ordered, the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger didn’t hesitate to turn and leave..