Chapter 276 - 172:1 Hate Daddy The Most! _2

Chapter 172:1 Hate Daddy the Most! _2

Translator: 549690339

“Prr~”

Tell me in detail about the situation you encountered.

“Roar-”

The Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger, not daring to slack off, hurriedly recounted the entire process from when it appeared to when it retreated to the Nightmare Beast King.

As it listened, the surprise in the Nightmare Beast King’s eyes grew thicker.

So these three pet beasts had all evolved into King species?

That human was quite young, looking to be around twenty to thirty years in human years?

The combined strength of three Leadership Stage Pet Beasts could reach the borderline of the General Stage?

Quickly, the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger finished recounting the events, once again lowering its head.

What awaited it was a lengthy silence.

The atmosphere gradually became oppressive, so the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger couldn’t help but press its head hard against the ground.

“Prrr     ”

I understand. You may leave now.

Hearing the king’s voice as calm as always, it was as if it had been pardoned, disappeared from the Nightmare Beast King’s view in the blink of an eye, swift as lightning.

When those under its command left, the Nightmare Beast King raised its head, looking in the direction of Qingzhou City, its eyes filled with a contemplative look.

This was the second time the situation had slipped out of its control.

The first time was because of its unconventional daughter.

The second time was because of the human Beast Master its daughter knew. Within the boundaries of the Beast Field N0.97, there is no Second Level Town. According to its understanding of the human world, this kind of Beast Master who could evolve three pet beasts to the Leadership Stage should not have appeared here.

Unless…

The other party had a more terrifying background.

A hint of wariness flashed across the Nightmare Beast King’s eyes.

What other trump cards do the humans in Beast Field N0.97 have, which it wasn’t aware of?

If it really were so, it needed to reconsider its relationship with the humans.

The effectiveness of the Dormant Seed was soon about to end, as for its little daughter…

There were a few more traces of contemplation in the Nightmare Beast King’s eyes.

It wondered if that human was still lacking any pet beasts.

“We’re almost there!”

Seeing the Qingzhou city appear at the end of their line of sight, Xu Ran heaved a big sigh of relief.

“After we enter the city, we also need to tell Senior Gu about the appearance of the wardens of the General stage.” He said softly, then looking at the four little ones, “Finally, we can take a break.”

Ziyun, Star, and Cancan all nodded together.

On their journey, they always felt as if a terrifying existence was watching them from behind, that kind of elusive oppressive feeling lingering in their hearts, only completely dissipating at this moment.

“Chirp- ” (Are we there yet?)

The Velvet Sparrow quickly opened its eyes, pretending to have just woken up, stretched its small wings in Xu Ran’s arms, and lazily stood up.

Being held by a human felt really good!

Ziyun couldn’t help but shoot a glance at the Velvet Sparrow, feeling her claws itch again.

This guy slept all the way, Xu Ran’s embrace was clearly hers!

“We’re almost there.” Xu Ran said with a smile.

In the midst of their conversation, the majestic city gate of Qingzhou city had appeared before them.

Finally, they could return home.

The moment they stepped into the city gate, Xu Ran dialed Gu Wu’s number with his cellphone.

“Hello, Senior Gu. It’s me, Xu Ran.”

“Oh, Xu Ran, what happened?”

While holding the phone to his ear with one hand, Senior Gu placed down the soup he was holding with the other, signaling Gu Ling who was sitting across from him to start drinking first.

Gu Ling blinked, continuing to take a small sip of the piping hot soup.

Hmm… Today it was yellow bean trotter soup, the slightly viscous texture and the delicious taste of the trotters blended together, it tasted quite unique.

“What? You encountered General stage Extraordinary Beings?”

Listening to Gu Wu’s exclaimation, Gu Ling who was holding a soup bowl suddenly trembling, and a few drops of soup splashed onto her cheek.

She silently put down the bowl, pulled out a tissue to wipe her face while leaning in to listen to Gu Wu’s phone conversation.

This soup, she couldn’t drink a single mouthful.

“Oh, you beat it back. That’s good, as longasyou’reokay… Wait a moment!”

Gu Wu’s eyebrows raised, he couldn’t help but inhale sharply, “What did you just say? Your three pet beasts together repelled the General stage Extraordinary Beings?”

“Tap tap tap-”

Accompanied by the hurried sound of slippers on the floor, Gu Ling quickly stepped up from her seat and approached the other side of the phone, a very serious expression on her face, refusing to miss a single detail.

“Senior Gu, it’s not quite a repulsion.” Xu Ran’s somewhat humble voice came from the other end of the phone, “I think something must have affected it, so it voluntarily left after a brief fight.”

“No…is that the main point?” Gu Wu couldn’t help slamming the table, causing ripples in the nearby soup, “Your pet beast should still be at the leadership stage, right? How did you manage to take on a general-stage creature even for a moment?”

“Oh, you mean that.” Xu Ran laughed on the other end of the phone, “Nothing much, just that my third pet beast evolved. It’s very good at defense, and with the help of Star, under our combined forces…”

“Beep     ”

Gu Wu expressionlessly hung up the phone.

“Old Gu, that wasn’t very becoming of your lofty characteristics.” Gu Ling glanced discontentedly at Gu Wu.

She still wanted to hear more.

“No…” Gu Wu painfully tousled his hair, “His third pet beast evolved?”

“Huh?”

“How long ago did his second pet beast evolve?”

“Has it been ten days?”

“Hasn’t even been ten days, has it?”@@novelbin@@

“No, why does he get to?!”

Gu Ling returned silently to her seat, picked up her yellow bean trotter soup, and took a sip.

Things have gotten to this point, might as well eat first.

“Doo doo doo–”

Listening to the busy tone on the phone, Xu Ran blinked and then hung up.

“It must be the appearance of the general-stage creature that has Senior Gu very worried, so he’s probably quickly went off to arrange some countermeasures now.” He nodded in understanding, “Senior Gu, really is a good senior who spares no effort for Qingzhou City!”

“Meow!”

“Xi Lu!”

“Charming!”

The three little ones all nodded in agreement.

Even the Velvet Sparrow, who did not know Gu Wu before, had admiration in its eyes.

In the middle of the call, the person with his four pets was already heading towards the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

However, as they gradually approached the shop, Xu Ran’s expression became strange.

“Hold on.”

He stopped Star, his face a mix of uncertainty.

“Did you guys hear some kind of sound?”

“Meow?” (What kind of sound?)

Ziyun raised her ears, then asked curiously.

“It’s like, ‘dum dum-dum dum-dum dum-dum dum dum-‘.” Xu Ran hummed it and his expression became even stranger.

This tune, it’s so familiar…

Hearing Xu Ran’s description, the four little ones all nodded.

Clearly, they had all heard this sound.

“Let’s…go see in the shop.”

An ominous feeling enveloped Xu Ran’s heart.

Could it be?

It can’t be, right?

As the man and his four pets got closer and closer to the shop, the rhythmic music grew clearer and louder, reaching a peak when they stood in front of the store door.

Xu Ran dismounted and emotionlessly walked towards the shop door.

Just as he was about to open the door, it was fiercely yanked open from the inside.

A muscly man taller than one meter wearing a flamboyant pink suit stood before him, moving his fisted hands up and down to the beat of the music.

The music, hitting the hook, also became even more clear.

“Konomamakimu 0 tsurete iku to…” (I will take you with me…)

“Bang bang bang!”

The sound of fireworks as glitter and streamers sprayed from both sides of the store door and fell on Xu Ran.

Xu Ran was silent.

Behind him, the Velvet Sparrow tentatively nudged Cancan.

“Cheep?” (Is Mr. Tony always like this?)

Cancan, a leadership-stage creature of king species that had just defeated a general-stage creature half an hour ago, couldn’t help but take a few steps back, looking a bit frightened.

“Charming-” (Occasionally, he does turn out to be like this…)

As the dance ended, Mr. Tony, with a sunny smile on his face, gave Xu Ran a big hug.

“Boss, welcome back!”

“You didn’t need to go to such lengths.” Seeing the onlookers around him, Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

“No no no, it had to be grand.” Tony’s expression instantly became serious, but the next second, he caught Xu Ran off guard by making a heart with his hands, “After all, I’m about to get promoted under the wise and valiant leadership of my boss, right?”

Xu Ran:”…”

If possible, he didn’t want this guy to be the system store manager!