Chapter 272 - 170: Cancan’S Evolution!_2

Chapter 170: Cancan’s Evolution!_2

Translator: 549690339

1

In a flash, Cancan seemed to understand something.

Dragon’s Breath!

What emerged from the dragon was the Dragon’s Breath mentioned in the Evolution Ritual!

To comprehend the Dragon’s Breath, it seems, would involve changing the chaotic forces in its body into an orderly existence like the Dragon’s Breath! Upon understanding this, Cancan’s eyes were filled with excitement.

It got it!

Feeling the recklessly crashing power within its body, which was constantly growing stronger, a fierce look flashed in Cancan’s eyes.

Once you enter my body, you have to obey me!

Behave!

Turning its will into a sharp edge, Cancan did its best to tear apart the wandering forces.

This approach seemed to be effective; with a clear goal, Cancan’s clear will was actually able to influence it to a certain extent.

The collective force was repeatedly torn apart, constantly breaking down, and finally, under Cancan’s astonished gaze, it became two distinct forces.

One of them was remarkably similar to the Dragon’s Breath, transforming from disorder to order.

The other was also orderly, but it fundamentally differed from the Dragon’s Breath; Cancan could sense a feeling from it that was more intimate to itself. That is…

Feeling these two entirely different forces, Cancan’s heart came to a certain realization.

The first force originated from itself and was a dragon’s power.

The second force also originated from itself, it belonged to the turtle, the most primal power it had.

The reason why the previous force was chaotic, was because these two different forces were entangled together and were never noticed by itself.

Like different colored threads getting tangled, initially, it’s just a simple knot, but if it isn’t untangled for a long time, it becomes an unimaginably complex, irreparable mess.

Just now, it was like using scissors to cut these tangled threads and then categorizing them by color.

Although it recognized the nature of these two forces, it also needed to find a solution.

A look of contemplation appeared in Cancan’s eyes.

Xu Ran had said that evolving into a Panlong Turtle was about gaining the power of a dragon, becoming a Dragon Pet Beast.

The evolution materials, evolution conditions, and the Evolution Ritual all reflect this aspect.

So, should it abandon the power of the turtle and completely turn into a dragon?

Or should it… in its own way, reintegrate these two forces?

After only a moment’s hesitation, Cancan’s eyes shone with determination.

Panlong Turtle, it’s both a dragon and a turtle!

It will reintegrate these shattered forces, allowing them to form a new order!

Cancan immersed its mind into the Dragon’s Breath before its eyes, then it began to clumsily imitate it, bit by bit combining its own power.

During this process, its body underwent many spine-chilling transformations due to the power backlash, but eventually, these transformations began to subside.

More and more power was being tamed by Cancan.

And Cancan was becoming increasingly adept at this process.

It even closed its eyes, allowing its senses to guide itself.

Unbeknownst to Cancan, its body was undergoing changes.

Unlike the transformations, these changes were orderly and controllable.

Its head was widening, becoming larger. The head, which originally resembled a turtle, was at this moment covered with earth-yellow scales, its mouth full of sharp, interlocked large teeth. The single horn on its head and the two horns at the back of its head gradually grew larger, fully transforming into a dragon’s head.

The greyish white part of its belly was expanding and extending, stretching to the front of its neck, and the rear was extending to the part of its tail facing the ground. Large, hard scales protected these vulnerable parts, making Cancan’s defense increasingly impregnable.

Its four paws became larger and more powerful, its sharp claw edges seemed able to tear everything apart, several golden scales covered the top of the four paws, making Cancan’s attacks more flexible.

Cancan’s body was visibly growing. In the blink of an eye, it broke through the 30-meter limit of super large pet beasts and continued to grow until it reached 36 meters.

Yet at this moment, Cancan hadn’t broken through the Leadership Stage! Boom!!!

Feeling the boiling power all over its body, Cancan’s tightly closed eyes suddenly opened, and a golden light appeared in the dark cave!

Abandoning its earth-yellow color, Cancan’s eyes completely turned into a cool golden slit pupil. When facing them, one could clearly see the heart-pounding black cracks within.

From Cancan’s eyes burst an imposing and powerful aura that made one subconsciously want to submit.

Meow- (Is this my evolved form?)

Feeling the power within its body more potent than before, the cold indifference in Cancan’s eyes quickly faded, replaced by a look of surprise.

It looked deeply at the giant dragon corpse before its eyes. Right now, it could feel a sense of kinship with the creature before its eyes.

Something in the other party’s body was calling out to him.

However…

“Charming!” (I’ll come back later!)

Cancan shifted his gaze from the giant dragon’s carcass to the dome of the cave.

Through the dome, he seemed to see everyone waiting for him on the ground above.

Feeling his own new power, anticipation emerged in Cancan’s eyes.

He couldn’t wait to show his newfound self to his friends.

His front paws stretched out, a earth-yellow halo swirling around Cancan’s paws.

The hard rock layer beneath his paws parted like water, stirring up ripples.

The next second, Cancan leaps gently, plunging into the rock layer, while the blinding light of evolution erupted.

Having completed the evolution, it’s time to advance!

“Meow-” (Cancan has been down there for quite a while.)

On the ground, Ziyun looks somewhat anxious.

It paced in a circle, occasionally glancing at where Cancan had descended below the ground.

“Xi Lu- ” (Yeah, I wonder if his evolution is going smoothly?)

Star wasn’t much better off than Ziyun, it stood on the spot, constantly raising its front hoof and stamping on the rock, making a “ding ding ding” sound.

Both of them watched Cancan since his birth, it can be said that Cancan’s every day in this world is accompanied by the pair.

This bond is very special, making them inevitably give Cancan a bit more care and attention.

As for Cancan’s evolution, the two were just as nervous as they themselves were during their evolution.

“You two.” Xu Ran, holding the Velvet Sparrow casually rubbed it, looked at the anxious faces of the two, smiling in amusement.

Through the contractual sensing, he could vaguely sense Cancan’s status.

At this moment, Cancan had got past the most difficult stage. Up next was surely…

The smile on Xu Ran’s face stiffened slightly.

An enormous power quickly feedback to him through the contract sensing.

On the other end of the contract sensing was Cancan.

Has the evolution completed?

No, it’s more than just evolution!

Feeling the continuous, even increasingly enormous feedback, Xu Ran laughed.

“Alright, Cancan has completed the evolution, and even advanced!”

Ziyun and Star abruptly stopped their movements.

Before they could ask anything, the ground suddenly bulged.

A giant beast measuring one hundred and eight meters long emerged from the ground like surfacing from water. Xu Ran and the three pets landed in the very centre of its back.

“Boom!!!”

Cancan took a step forward, causing the earth to emit a violent rumble.

He turned his head excitedly, looking at the dumbfounded human and three pets on his back, his eyes full of joy.

“Charming!” (I’ve completed my evolution!)

“This…” Xu Ran couldn’t help sucking in a breath, “this big?!” @@novelbin@@

He had imagined that Cancan would grow larger once he reached the Leader

Stage, but this size was somewhat beyond his expectations.

If this is just the Leader Stage, Cancan can already cover a four-hundred-meter standard sports field.

What would happen if he further breaks through to the General Stage, or even King Stage?

“Meow?” (Are you sure you didn’t use Jiezimixu?)

Ziyun raised his head to look at Cancan, whose opened mouth revealed teeth much larger than Ziyun himself. The whole cat was not okay.

“Xi Lu-” (How big is this, who will carry who in the future?)

A thoughtful look appeared on Star’s face.

Even if Cancan could reduce his size, it would be hard to shrink to a scale where he could carry the beast, right?

The Velvet Sparrow pondered as Cancan inched closer with curiosity.

How many of it could this guy eat in one bite?