Chapter 270 - 169 - Xu Ran’S Doubt_2

Chapter 169 – Xu Ran’s Doubt_2

Translator: 549690339 |

It had deliberately left the carcass of Runemaw Dragon King behind, as it was part of a certain scheme. If Little Shier and that human brat made use of it now, it would have to re-plan some things, and much of its painstaking effort would be wasted.

The Nightmare Beast King let out a long sigh towards the sky.

Initially, it had allowed Little Shier to run away from home, intending to use her disappearance as a pretext and reason to stir up commotion in Beast Field no. 97 and conceal some arrangements.

Once Little Shier reached the human city and its power increased even further upon completion of its layout, it could overturn the standoff with humans under the guise of searching for its daughter, obliterating all human cities in Beast Field no. 97 before the human strongmen from other beast fields could react.

To ensure Little Shier’s safety in this process, it had also deliberately left an incredibly unique and hidden power on her.

However, it seemed that despite all its calculations, there were still some oversights…

The Nightmare Beast King’s gaze looked into the distance beyond the core area, its eyes flashing with complex light.

After a moment, it quietly sighed and uttered a sharp whistle.

“Squawk!”

“Roar!”

A deep roar came from not far away.

The next moment, a huge -bodied Transcendent Being with the aura of a marshal stage swarming around it, crouched in front of the Nightmare Beast King.

The Nightmare Beast King’s expression returned to indifference and calm. It gazed at the subordinate it trusted sufficiently and, after a long while, slowly began to speak.

“Squawk.”

Go to Crackfoot Valley. Little Shier is there.

The marshal-stage subordinate shuddered, lifted its head, and joy surfaced in its eyes.

“Roar?”

Has Princess Twelve been found?

“Squawk.”

Listen, upon seeing Little Shier, pretend to attack her and gauge the reaction of the human with her.

“…Roar?”

The marshal-stage subordinate was a little baffled.

Pretend to attack Princess Twelve? Gauge the human’s reaction… Princess Twelve is with a human?

Why was it so bewildered despite understanding every word from the King? The marshal-stage subordinate couldn’t help but shake its head.

Forget it, the King’s schemes were never easy to guess. Just carry out the orders.

The marshal-stage subordinate bowed its head again, showing a posture of serious listening.

The Nightmare Beast King nodded in satisfaction, then continued to speak. “Squawk.” @@novelbin@@

If the human protects Little Shier, act out a scene before returning; if the human flees and abandons Little Shier, kill him and bring Little Shier back.

The marshal-stage subordinate nodded vaguely, its figure disappearing deep into the dense forest.

With its gaze returning to a certain spot outside the core region, a hint of helplessness flashed in the Nightmare Beast King’s eyes.

Even if this situation was troublesome, she was still its child.

The plan needs to be altered a bit, as long as the ultimate goal could be achieved.

A glimmer of frenzy, long suppressed by calmness, flashed in the eyes of the Nightmare Beast King.

Beast Emperor, if other Beast Kings could become one, why couldn’t it, the Demon Hawk, achieve the same?

“Velvet Sparrow, how much farther do we have to go?

Xu Ran squeezed Star’s belly with his legs, signalling it to stop for now before looking towards the Velvet Sparrow.

“Chirp!” (It’s just ahead, about three kilometers away.)

The Velvet Sparrow fluttered its wings, its relaxed expression tinged with slight anticipation.

Xu Ran seemed to know many secrets about evolution, otherwise, the two previous pet beasts wouldn’t have been able to evolve so smoothly.

If Cancan’s evolution succeeded, it might learn something from witnessing it, possibly increasing its chances of success in its own future evolution.

“Three kilometers…” Xu Ran breathed a small sigh of relief.

This place was not far from the region where leader stage Transcendent Beings roamed.

If they went any deeper, they could very likely encounter leader stage Transcendent Beings, not just one or two, but in groups.

Being surrounded by them would be dangerous, even for Xu Ran and the three little ones.

With just a distance of three kilometers, they hadn’t yet entered the leader stage activity area and were relatively safe.

He couldn’t help but take an extra look at the Velvet Sparrow.

initially, as the Velvet Sparrow led him and the three little ones safely through numerous dangers, he became suspicious and speculative.

After all the various things the Velvet Sparrow had previously shown were explainable as a result of living in the outer city area, but they were somewhat dubious.

If the Velvet Sparrow harbored ill intentions and led them into a very dangerous area, that could spell disaster.

But now, it seemed that the Velvet Sparrow could be trusted.

“Cancan, scout.”

“Charming!” (Okay!)

Long-hidden excitement led Cancan to jump off Star’s back, his body swelling in size. In utter shock, the Velvet Sparrow watched as Cancan grew to a length of 200 meters.

“Chirp…chirp!!!” (So… so big!!!)

Looking at Cancan, whose claw alone was bigger than its whole body, casting a shadow over it, the Velvet Sparrow was dumbfounded by this sight it was seeing for the first time.

“Don’t worry, Cancan’s true body size is not so big, at most, it’s just 27 meters.” Xu Ran casually comforted.

At most…27 meters…

The Velvet Sparrow looked at its soccer-ball-sized body, then glared resentfully at Xu Ran.

Are you kidding me?

On the other side, Cancan, with Star’s help, had finished scouting the surrounding area.

Returning to his original size, excitement and exhilaration filled his eyes. “Charming!” (There is indeed a carcass of an Earth attribute Dragon-type Transcendent being! And also…)

“And also what?” Xu Ran asked curiously.

“Charming!” (It’s king-tier!)

Excitement filled Cancan’s eyes.

Before this, it was also unable to identify such powerful growth stages.

But having visited Xieyun City once before, Cancan had even encountered more powerful Overlords, and many Generals and Kings.

Now, it was confident that it had made no mistakes in identification.

“King tier?!” Xu Ran was stunned.

He had thought that finding a leadership-tier carcass that hadn’t evolved would be enough, but he hadn’t expected it to be a beast king!

He turned sharply to the Velvet Sparrow, “Did you know that this dragon carcass is king-tier?”

The Velvet Sparrow blinked, its eyes suddenly revealed perplexing innocence. “Chirp?” (King-tier? I didn’t know that? I saw two extraordinary beings fighting that day, and one of them fell in front of me. I felt it was terrifying from afar and so I ran-)

“Is that so?”

Xu Ran rubbed his chin, couldn’t help but cast a skeptical glance at the Velvet Sparrow.

With innocent eyes, the Velvet Sparrow had a stare-down with Xu Ran.

After a moment of the staring contest between man and pet, Xu Ran silently looked away.

“Since we have found the location, Cancan, prepare to evolve.”

“Charming!” (Okay!)

Cancan nodded vigorously, and the golden-yellow halo started to gather around him.

With the help of the Echoing of the Earth veins, all of its previous expend was rapidly recovering until it reached its peak form.

“Go!”

Xu Ran shouted, clutching the reduced Cancan and signaled Star to charge. The last three kilometers quickly passed under the prompt pace of Star.

The man and the four beasts finally appeared in a valley.

This valley was different from others, from a bird’s eye view, it resembled a horrifying footprint of hundreds of meters, the footprint-shaped valley was full of cracks, as if it was shattered porcelain, and a destructive power was leaking from every single crack.

“Charming!” (It’s about 500 meters deep beneath here!) Cancan positioned himself at a certain spot, and looked down excitedly.

“Go.” Xu Ran patted Cancan’s head, “we are all at the ground, waiting for you to emerge from underneath, evolved, with a new form.”

“Meow-” (If there’s pain, don’t be afraid, hang on!)

Ziyun stared deeply at this little brother who grew up under his watch, feeling worried and nervous.

“Xi Lu-” (If there’s any problem, let us know through Contractual Sensing)

Star raised his foreleg and tapped Cancan’s scale.

He and Ziyun have both evolved before, if Cancan ran into some issues during his evolution, they might be able to think of a solution.

It was like when he encountered a problem during his evolution, Ziyun had helped him.

But of course, Star hoped everything would go smoothly.

“Chirp-” (Good luck with your evolution-)

Even the Velvet Sparrow sincerely delivered its blessing at this moment.

“Charming!” (Here I go!)

Cancan took a deep breath, carrying everyone’s blessings with him, used his Earth attribute power pushes aside the soil beneath him, and slowly sank into the ground.

After a while, Cancan gazed at the King tier Earth attribute dragon carcass in front of him, which had fallen already, yet still radiated a terrifying momentum, its power has not dissipated too much.

His evolution was about to begin!