Chapter 271 - 170: Cancan Evolution! _1

Chapter 170: Cancan Evolution! _1

Translator: 549690339

“Is this… the carcass of an Earth attribute dragon of the King Stage…”

Feeling the force of the opponent that still sent shivers down his spine despite its downfall, Cancan couldn’t help but take a deep breath. Then, bravely raising one claw, he took his first step forward.

Then came the second step, and the third.

Eventually, Cancan reached the opponent.

It was a dragon about fifty meters long, covered in earth-yellow scales, with a pair of incredibly sharp claws that made one’s heart pound. With Cancan’s current length of twenty-seven meters, he still looked like a tender child in front of it.

The dragon’s body had no wounds, and its body seemed remarkably intact. Only a pair of pupils that had lost their focus were wide open, filled with congealed blood, making it look like it had a purple-red film over it, an especially gruesome sight.

Looking at it, Cancan remembered his own Evolution Ritual.

Find the Earth attribute dragon carcass buried deep in the earth, comprehend the Dragon’s Breath, and complete the evolution.

So, at this moment, should he understand the aura of this Earth attribute dragon and complete his evolution in front of it?

Looking into the horrifying eyes of the dragon, Cancan’s heart couldn’t help but tremble a bit.

He hesitated for a moment, then reached out his claw to cover the dragon’s immobile eyes with its eyelids, sighing in relief.

Phew! That was scary!

Now he could finally rest easy.

Cancan raised both claws, holding a large bag hanging from his neck.

Inside, it was filled with all the materials needed for his evolution.

Having come this far, it was time to evolve.

Cancan took out a crystal from the bag, which had countless cracks on its surface and a yellow glow emanating from inside, revealing its clear and transparent interior. Feeling the strong Earth attribute Power within it, he couldn’t help but swallow his saliva.

It was one of the main materials, the shattered rock marrow. For any Earth attribute Pet Beast, it is a great replenishment. For Cancan, it was just the cheapest of the three main materials.

Then, Cancan took out a bottle containing Earth attribute General Stage Dragon Blood, added a drop of Dragon Blood Essence of King Stage, and finally added the shattered rock marrow.

Watching the shattered rock marrow quickly melt into the Dragon Blood, the three main materials came together, producing terrifying energy. Cancan took a deep breath, took out a resource that looked like a stone and a bone, and continued to add it in.

Earth Vein Bones, one of the supplementary materials.

Next, he added a dewdrop and a flower bursting with a rainbow aura.

The Life Dewdrop and the Transcendence Flower.

At this point, all the materials needed for evolution had been combined into one.

Cancan closed his eyes and dumped all the resources into his mouth at once.

With the salty taste emerging in his mouth, the overwhelming and wild Power started to explode from his body with the passing of Time. @@novelbin@@

A strange Power hid within the mixed forces. Before Cancan could perceive it, it swiftly burrowed into his limbs and body.

“Crack– Snap?? ”

With the intense sound of cracking bones, Cancan’s body began to bend at odd angles, his skin started to grow disordered and irregular scales, and what came with it were chaotic feathers.

Sharp bone spikes started to emerge from various parts of his body, not waiting for Cancan to react, they pierced his body, creating multiple bloody holes.

“Argh…”

Cancan’s pupils contracted sharply.

This pain was all too familiar.

He had previously suffered similar backlash when his Dragon Power rose to Three Stars.

But this time, the pain was much more intense and crazier.

Bright red blood kept dripping from Cancan’s body. Power and life were rapidly draining from his body at this moment, making it feel increasingly weak.

No, it shouldn’t be like this!

Feeling the strange itching and intense pain all over his body, and seeing a bone spike that was growing from his cheek and was about to pierce his eye, Cancan’s gaze suddenly became sharp.

An earth-yellow light burst out from all over his body, like black holes, greedily and madly devouring the Earth attribute Power from the surrounding soil, restoring Cancan’s Power and injuries at the fastest speed.

This healing power formed a standoff with the growing bone spikes, making the unpredictable changes around Cancan’s body abruptly stop.

He let out a slight sigh of relief, still feeling the severe pain all over his body. Cancan knew he had only temporarily held the situation, if he couldn’t find a more powerful measure soon, the standoff would be broken quickly.

So, what should he do?

What is this Power that is constantly causing his body to mutate?

A hint of urgency and confusion flashed in Cancan’s eyes.

Should he… ask Ziyun and Star for help?

“Drip- Drip-”

In the quiet cave, only the sound of blood dripping from Cancan’s body and falling into the ground could be heard. It eventually congealed into a stream as if being pulled by something, flowing towards the Earth attribute dragon in front of it.

As soon as the blood touched the colossal body of the dragon, it quickly penetrated and disappeared.

The next moment, a strange Power emerged from the dragon’s body.

Cancan’s eyes widened at once.

He could feel that this Power was very similar to the one that caused his mutation.

It seemed that they were not the Transcendent Power of the Ten Attributes, but a Power that Cancan couldn’t describe.

And these two Powers were also different.

If the Power that caused Cancan’s mutation was a disorderly crowd in a noisy market, then the Power emerging from the dragon was like a marching army, orderly and organized.