Chapter 277 - 173: Sprint For Main Task 2_1

Chapter 173: Sprint for Main Task 2_1

Translator: 549690339

“That’s the situation.”

inside the shop, Xu Ran spread his hands towards the four petrified little ones.

■’In the short term, there will be no more resource allocation.”

“After Tony becomes the store manager, we will move to Xieyun City.

“Meow?” (No resource allocation for a short time…)

Ziyun reveals an expression of deep anguish.

It hurts, hurts too much.

Now that Star and Cancan have both completed their evolution and advanced stages, maintaining their strongest positions requires a lot of resources.

To fulfill her grand plan of being the first to have four stars Skills also requires

a lot of resources.

Who can understand the pain of not having resources allocated?

“Xi Lu~” (Sis, you still have other resources, wuuuu-)

Star lifted a front hoof to hide its tears.

At least Ziyun still has the Thunder Bead obtained from the giant beast remains at the bottom of Thunderbolt Half Mountain. Although the energy in it isn’t very strong, it’s of a high level. Ziyun has been absorbing it for so long, but there’s no change.

It looks like it’s no problem to absorb it for a year and a half.

On the other hand, it did manage to get more resources for evolution in Xieyun

City, in addition to exchanging for one marshal level resource.

But that’s all there was.

The remaining resources have been mostly absorbed by it.

How is it supposed to survive the upcoming period without resource allocation?

“Sure-” (So, is it my turn to rise up?)

Cancan on the side, on the other hand, does not reveal an expression like Ziyun and Star.

On the contrary, it looked quite excited.

After all, after its evolution, it gained the two-star Skill of burrow soil.

With its strength, there is no problem for it to collect resources buried deep underground within a relatively safe region outside the city.

If there are no resources, create them yourself!

Exchange the unnecessary resources for Beast Master Points, and then exchange them for the needed resources. Cancan can maintain itself for a short period of time!

Hearing Cancan’s words, Ziyun and Star simultaneously turned their gaze to Cancan.

Right!

They had forgotten about you!

“Meow!” (Lend me some Points!)

“Xi Lu!” (Give me a loan!)

The two little ones spoke in unison. @@novelbin@@

Cancan, who had just paid off its huge debt in the last allocation of resources, couldn’t help shivering.

Damn, is it its turn to lend money?

Unlike the laughter of the three little ones, the velvet sparrow seemed a little confused at the moment.

“Chirp-” (I’m going back to the foster area first.)

It flapped its wings at Xu Ran, turned around and walked towards the back door.

In the underground passage to the foster area, only one voice reverberated in the velvet sparrow’s mind.

“After Tony becomes the store manager, we will move to Xieyun City.’

They’re leaving the city?

Then…what about itself?

The velvet sparrow wriggled its body in a swaying manner, stopped in front of a small rocking chair, turned around, and then fell backwards.

The soft velvet nest, made of soft velvet fabric, wrapped its round body like a cradle. This rocking chair, which was added by Xu Ran at the request of the velvet sparrow, was the place it liked to stay in its free time.

But today’s velvet sparrow found it somewhat boring.

The rocking chair was good, but it lacked the warmth it wanted.

It couldn’t help thinking about Xu Ran’s embrace when it returned to the city today.

In its mind, it saw Ziyun, Star and Cancan’s sincere smiles.

“Chirp-”

Is it that good to contract with a human?

It mumbled softly, its eyes flashing with a hint of loneliness.

What will it do when they leave here?

■■Once Tony is promoted to The System Store Manager, we can open a branch.” Inside the shop, after the Velvet Sparrow left, Xu Ran was finally able to discuss some rather sensitive topics. “But the promotion of Tony requires quite

a lot of resources.”

“The easiest is a hundred thousand Pleasure value.” Xu Ran paused, “With the current accumulation speed in the store, it will only take four or five days.” “Hmm- Not bad.” Tony crossed his arms, showing off his muscular body, and gave a wink to the threesome, “For the promotion, I’ll work hard-”

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched.

If it wasn’t for the fact that the other two shop assistants had to wait until the completion of Main Task 2 to be available, he would never hand over the store to this unreliable-looking guy.

Although in the past interactions, Tony showed a high level of professionalism. However, there were also quite a few people who were scared off by his appearance and words.

“In addition, it requires ten thousand physical points and skill points.” Xu Ran paused, “According to the current rate of accumulation, it will probably take about ten days.”

Ziyun, Star, and Cancan’s eyes filled with tears in unison.

Ten thousand Physical points, Ten thousand Skill points.

Such good things, if used on them, would give a huge boost, but now they have to be used on Tony.

For a time, the three little ones looked at Tony with dangerous eyes.

This guy is a strong competitor!

“Afterwards, it’s the hardest to accumulate – one thousand skill fragments.” Xu Ran shrugged his shoulders, “According to the current speed, it will probably take more than two months.”

Xu Ran himself is also helpless about this.

In theory, the three system skills of the same B Level should have similar rates of collecting resources, or at least should be within the same order of magnitude.

But with The system skill of Plucking Fur, the resources obtained by Xu Ran are much lower compared to Drug Application and Pranks.

The reason for this, actually, can’t be blamed on Xu Ran.

Among the three system skills, as the earliest acquired skill, Plucking Fur has a special trait, that is, it has some dependency on the strength level of the pet beast..