Chapter 275 - 172:1 Hate Daddy The Most! _1

Chapter 172:1 Hate Daddy the Most! _1

Translator: 549690339

“So…he’s left?”

The vanishing roar of the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger, who showed no desire for battle and swiftly took his leave, kindled a look of surprise on Xu Ran’s face.

He could feel that even at their peak, they would have had difficulty defeating the opponent who had just assaulted them.

The enemy’s power was even stronger than the four pet beasts of Senior Gu.

He had already planned to fight and retreat, relying on Cancan’s strong defense to hold back the enemy and draw it into the area of Qingzhou City. However, he didn’t expect the enemy to run away after just a brief encounter.

“Do you recognize that creature?” Xu Ran turned his head, glancing at the Velvet Sparrow, which was still in a state of shock.

“Chiu?” (Huh?)

The Velvet Sparrow shook its head, finally pulling itself together from the shock.

The Beast King’s follower was attacking it specifically, yet Xu Ran and his pet beast had protected it…

And with only three Leadership Stage Pet Beasts, Xu Ran could actually stand up to the General stage…

Ugh, it was too confusing; it felt like its brain was about to break.

As for that creature, the Velvet Sparrow shook its head without hesitation.

“Chiu~” (I don’t know it!)

“It must have been a coincidence then,” Xu Ran rubbed his chin.

He had originally thought that the attacker had targeted the Velvet Sparrow first because they knew each other.

Now it seemed, it was really a coincidence.

With the situation being so chaotic, it was normal for the attacker to pick on the weakest first.

However, the appearance of the General stage beast in the outer circle of the Beast Field was a matter of concern.

“We should head back to the city immediately,” Xu Ran took a deep breath and spoke in a low voice.

“Charming-” (There’s still something underground…)

Cancan couldn’t help but speak, informing Xu Ran of the situation.

“King-level resources?” Xu Ran was slightly moved, “Then you hurry and retrieve it, and then we’ll leave.”

“Charming!” (Okay!)

Cancan nodded, without any hesitation it sank back into the ground.

After a moment, it emerged from the ground holding a football-sized earth-yellow crystal ball in its mouth. Trapped in the crystal ball was a lively giant dragon, exuding a powerful Earth attribute power; it was stronger than the Milky Bamboo Stone Root Cancan had previously found.

“Charming!” (Here it is!)

Excitement filled Cancan’s eyes.

It could feel that, with the help of this resource, it wouldn’t be too long before it could catch up with Ziyun and Star!

“Let’s go!” Xu Ran glanced in the direction the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger had left.

Although the Leadership Stage activity area was calm at the moment, he dared not linger outside the city any longer.

If he attracted a beast tide of the Leadership Stage level, he would hardly have room to fight back.

Carrying Ziyun and the Velvet Sparrow, Xu Ran sat on Star’s back and sprinted towards Qingzhou City, while Cancan burrowed back into the ground, following closely behind.

Though burrowing didn’t have speed bonuses, the Jiezimixu in its shrunken state could significantly increase its agility and speed. There was no issue with it keeping up with Star.

After running a few miles, the Velvet Sparrow abruptly turned its head back, jumped from Xu Ran’s arms onto his head, looking towards the core zone of the Beast Field, its eyes shone with a peculiar light.

It seemed to understand something.

That hateful father had left a mark on it!

As the Nightmare Beast King’s daughter, the Velvet Sparrow was all too familiar with its father’s power.

One of those powers was a skill named Dormant Seed, which could discreetly mark an opponent and sense their condition and location.

The duration of this skill was extremely long; the Velvet Sparrow calculated that it should still be effective at this time!

Therefore, her father always knew her location. Her escape from the deep part of the Beast Field was deliberately allowed by him!

That’s why the Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger retreated so easily, because it was probing!

Was Xu Ran the target of the probe? So, the purpose of probing was…

The Velvet Sparrow lowered its head, turning to look at Xu Ran whom it was stepping on.

Then…

It saw its own chubby belly.

Phew! Damn it!

The Velvet Sparrow made a grimace towards the core zone of the Beast Field.

I hate dad the most!

“Velvet Sparrow? What’s wrong?”@@novelbin@@

Feeling the Velvet Sparrow moving around on his head, Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask.

“Chiu~” (Nothing!)

The Velvet Sparrow jumped back into Xu Ran’s arms from his head with a ‘swoosh’, closed its big sea-blue eyes pretending to nap, yet after a while, it opened up a slit sneakily stealing a glimpse at Xu Ran.

This human… was quite just!

“Huh?”

What did you say?

Deep in the Beast Field, the Nightmare Beast King looked at its subordinate crouching in front of him, a strange and surprised look flashing in its eyes.

It didn’t know how many years it had been since something had happened beyond its expectations. At this moment, it was taken aback by the report from its subordinate.

“Roar…”

The human accompanying the young princess is very strong, I really wasn’t confident of defeating him…

The Roaring Thunder Sky Tiger’s head sunk even lower.

It knew it was somewhat disgraceful, but it was the truth.

If it let its full power explode, it might be able to kill those three individuals. But it would definitely implicate the young princess. In other words, staying there wouldn’t have helped against those three.

The Nightmare Beast King glanced at its subordinate.

The perception strength of the Dormant Seed is limited. Like its skill name suggests, it mostly remains dormant and only gets triggered when there is a situation that requires attention.

Therefore, up until now, the Nightmare Beast King only knew that the human accompanying his daughter was a Leadership Level Beast Master, but knew very little else.

There are many subordinates of his at the General stage, but the one in front of him was one of the four strongest generals.

This kind of strength wasn’t enough to defeat a Leadership Level Beast Master?