Chapter 279 - 174 Two New Store Clerks L

Chapter 174 Two New Store Clerks l

Translator: 549690339

“Qi He, Starfire Foster Care Shop has been offering their grooming discount for half a month now, won’t you take your Pet Beast for a visit?”

In a vacant classroom, one teenager patted the shoulder of the boy next to him, expressing his frustration, “The discount might not be available tomorrow, you know?”

“I’ve known about this discount for a while.” Qi He shrugged, “But even at half price, Starfire Foster Care Shop’s grooming fees are still higher than those at the Dawn Foster Store!”

“They’re not directly comparable.” The persuading teen shook his head without a moment’s hesitation, “You’ve seen with your own eyes the effects on my Pet Beast after its grooming at Starfire.”

“It didn’t look much better to me.” Qi He continued to argue.

“Enough with the talk.” Seeing his persuasion was in vain, the friend shrugged Qi He’s shoulder, “Let’s go, my treat! Today, I will show you what Starfire Care’s grooming is really about!”

“I wish you said that sooner, let’s go.” Qi He smirked.

“Hey! You cheeky devil!”

As they exchanged banter, they found themselves standing at the entrance of Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Seeing the long queue outside the Starfire shop, Qi He could not help but gasp, “Are all these people here for grooming services?”

“Yeah.” His friend smirked, “It never used to be this busy, but isn’t it a half-price time-limited grooming deal now?”

“The whole of Qingzhou City knows about it, wouldn’t the Beast Masters who used Starfire’s grooming services want to take this opportunity to have their Pet Beast groomed?”

“Is it really that good?” Looking at the extensive queue, even the stubborn Qi He couldn’t help but soften his voice.

“Enough talking, let’s line up!” Without further ado, the friend grabbed Qi He’s shoulder, taking him to stand at the end of the line.

After waiting for an extended period, the guests in front had finally completed their grooming.

Greeting them was Boss Xu Ran with a beaming smile.

“Welcome-”

The smile on Xu Ran’s face showed a hint of exhaustion, but his tone was still excited. Even with the help of his three Top Tier Royals, the intense grooming task of the past half a month was still quite overwhelming.

But such hard work was worth it.

Teacher Tony’s advice really paid off, as the speed of skill fragment accumulation during this period was beyond his imagination.

[Recycling] (997 Skill Fragments)

Looking at the small number next to the recycling function on his personal dashboard, Xu Ran’s smile became even brighter.

With just one more two-star skill from his current customer, all of Teacher Tony’s advanced resources would be procured.

In his good mood, Xu Ran suddenly remembered this slightly familiar customer, “You’re Mr. Liu Yu, aren’t you? I remember you’ve brought your Pet Beast here for grooming two days ago.”

“Yes!” Liu Yu puffed up his chest, obviously pleased with himself for being remembered by Xu Ran after only two visits.

He patted Qi He beside him, “This is my friend. My Pet Beast doesn’t need grooming today, but his does.”

“Sure.” Xu Ran turned to Qi He, “Sir, you can summon your Pet Beast.”

“Um…”

Looking at the overly youthful boss in front of him, Qi He’s previous stubbornness vanished. From behind him, within the flashing Hexagram Star Array, a giant bird with a dark green-black body flew out of a storm.

[Race name: Gale Eagle

Attribute: Wind

Growth stage: Transcendent Stage

Body type: Medium

Grooming requirement: ★★☆☆☆

Review: A proud creature that matches its master perfectly. Both require the Host to open doors to new worlds with their own hands.]

Half an hour later, the now dazzling Gale Eagle with a somewhat confused look in its piercing eyes tightly clung to Xu Ran’s hands and was reluctant to let go. As Qi He took it away, there was a hint of longing and reluctance in its eyes.

Looking at his Pet Beast now showing off an unprecedented grace and refinement, Qi He took a deep breath, his eyes filled with astonishment.

As he knew the details of every inch of the Gale Eagle’s body, Qi He had a better basis for comparing the changes before and after the grooming.

At this moment, the undeniable proof made it impossible for him to stay confrontational any longer, and he firmly chose to have the Dawn Foster Store groom his Pet Beast from then onwards. @@novelbin@@

“I’ll be back next time,” Qi He declared, his eyes glinting.

Next to him, Liu Yu couldn’t help but smirk at his successful recommendation.

However, Boss Xu in front of him, despite his radiant smile, did not respond.

“Boss Xu?” Liu Yu couldn’t help but speak out.

“Ah? Oh, sorry. I was just daydreaming.” Xu Ran shook his head, chuckled slightly in a somewhat apologetic manner, “I welcome your future visits, but next time you come, it might not be me doing the grooming.”

“Hmm?” Liu Yu and Qi He were both taken aback by Xu Ran’s words.

“Boss Xu, what do you mean by that?” Liu Yu suddenly became anxious, “Is the Starfire Foster Care Shop going to be sold?”

“Um… of course not.” Xu Ran shook his head, “The Starfire Foster Care Shop is still here, but I’ll be temporarily leaving for Xieyun City, where I’ll open another Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

Liu Yu suddenly fell silent, as if considering a certain possibility, he asked cautiously, “Then, the one who will remain here is… Teacher Tony?”

“He’s one of them.” Xu Ran nodded with a smile.

Upon receiving affirmation, Liu Yu appeared as if he’d been struck by thunder, and covered his head in agony.

“No!!!”

On the side, Qi He, who hadn’t met Teacher Tony before, was a bit puzzled, not understanding why his friend reacted so strongly..