Chapter 281 - 175 Main Task 3, Unexpected Function 1

Chapter 175 Main Task 3, Unexpected Function 1

Translator: 549690339??????? —

“So…”

Looking at the two new system clerks standing in front of him, the corner of Xu Ran’s mouth twitched a little, “What kind of abilities do you two possess?” “They both can’t speak, let me explain,” Teacher Tony chuckled, “Mr. Green Frog excels at feeding, so he can be responsible for fostering.”

“The gentleman in black excels at training plans, so he can be responsible for companionship training.”

As for me, I can take responsibility for washing and protection,” Teacher Tony revealed an anticipatory expression, “Although I can handle all three tasks, the one I like the most is the washing and protection process, yo~”

“Feeding… training plans…” Looking at the green-skinned frog and the man in black, Xu Ran was silent for a moment.

He indeed had trouble imagining how these two clerks would work.

Instead of that, let’s first look at the Main Task 3 that was refreshed after completing the Main Task 2.

[Main Task 3: Out with the old, in with the new] @@novelbin@@

Task Description: Please open a branch in a second-level town, and reach 70% local fame (0.03/70).

Task Reward: System Clerks x3, System Upgrade Experience +400]

So it really is about opening a branch.

From Main Task 2, Xu Ran already saw this coming.

Now, it’s a fame task right off the bat, and it’s no less than

7

o°/o in a second-level town with much higher population. It truly lives up to being a main task.

As for the already achieved 0.03% progress…

Without a doubt, this was probably the result of the last advertising trip to Xieyun City.

The clashes between young Beast Masters in different cities are not public knowledge, so the advertisements only let those present and a few interested Beast Masters know about the Starfire Foster Care Shop. Given the large population scale of the second-level town, the progress was naturally pitiful. But speaking of it…

Didn’t this technically mean that he had preemptively predicted the system’s task?

With this thought, Xu Ran couldn’t help feeling a bit proud.

Such a simple system. How laughable.

Bereft of tricks, you’ve already been seen through by me!

[Warm Reminder: The decoration of the Xieyun City store has been completed, maintained at the same scale as the Qingzhou City Store]

Dad! System dad, I pay my tribute to you!

Seeing the sudden system notification, Xu Ran sparked up.

Great!

This is very good!

A decoration at the same scale as the Qingzhou City’s Starfire Foster Shop, the start now would be much better than before.

He was already, looking forward to it greatly!

[Warm Reminder: New feature unlocked, can be checked in the personal panel] Eh?

Seeing the second system notification, Xu Ran blinked his eyes and without hesitation, he opened the system panel.

[Host: Xu Ran]

Contract Power: Third Stage

Contract Pet Beast:

Ziyun [View Details]

Star [View Details]

Cancan [View Details]

System Skills:

[Plucking Fur (B Level)] (412/500)

[Drug Application (B Level)] (1394/2000)

[Pranks (B Level)] (1720/2000)

Pet Beast Skill: None

Physical points: 4299 (spendable)

Skill Points: 3180 (spendable)

Pleasure Value: 321019

System Upgrade Experience: 300/2000]

[Lottery]

[Recycling] (1 skill Fragment)

[Transmission]

Due to the half-a-month-fully-booked washing and protection services which always make up the bulk of pleasure points, Xu Ran has gained a huge pleasure value. Even after deducting the promotion necessary ten thousand points, he still has over three hundred thousand, enough for three more ten consecutive pubis.

As for his physical points and skill points – even after deducting ten thousand, he still has thousands left.

When Xu Ran’s gaze fell on the bottom of the system panel, it suddenly froze.

Transmission, is this the new feature of the system?

His thrilled heart and trembling hands, contemplating a certain possibility, he quickly clicked on the transmission function.

A brand new panel, emerged before Xu Ran’s eyes.

On the panel was a tremendously broad map, and at one corner of this map, there were two bright spots almost sticking together.

One of the bright spots had a green arrow, the other did not.

A flash of excitement went through Xu Ran’s eyes.

Could this be…

It is!

Inter-branch transmission!!!

The one with the green arrow represents the store he is currently in, which is the Starfire Foster Shop in Qingzhou City, and the one without the green arrow represents the other store that had been constructed – Starfire Foster Shop in Xieyun City!

The distance between Xieyun City and Qingzhou City is incredibly great.

Even Senior Gu’s general-stage pet beast would require a whole day and night without sleep to travel from one city to the other.

But on the map, there’s almost no distance between these two close points.

Looking at the entire mainland map, shock shone in Xu Ran’s eyes.

So this is the complete appearance of this world?

Then, when he opens branches of the Starfire Foster Shop across this world one day, lighting up the entire map, what would that scene like?

I, Xu, am in for this business!

strong feelings suddenly surged in Xu Ran’s heart.

He suddenly thought about the origin of the name of the Starfire Foster Shop.

“The spark ignites the prairie fire.”

The day he fulfills this will be the day of the prairie fire!

Taking a deep breath, suppressing his surging emotions, Xu Ran tentatively clicked on the Starfire Foster Shop in Xieyun City.

[Do you want to spend 10k pleasure value to transmit to the Xieyun City branch shop]

[Yes] [No]

So that’s how it is!

Seeing the pop-up system prompt, Xu Ran couldn’t help but cheer out loud. Although it requires spending pleasure value, such pleasure value is actually nothing to him now.

Without any hesitation, he clicked on [Yes], and the next moment, Xu Ran’s figure disappeared from the shop.

The three little ones all widened their eyes together. Just as they were about to ask about Xu Ran’s whereabouts, they suddenly felt a strong sense of summoning..