Chapter 286 - 177: The Second Lucky Fish?_2

Chapter 177: The Second Lucky Fish?_2

Translator: 549690339

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded, his eyes full of expectation.

Unlike the Flame Barbarian Bull, Qin Can’s Earth Roaring Rhino has already evolved once and is now of the King Species.

This means, he could potentially get a Three-Star Skill from it!

Moreover, the Earth Attribute Skills are well suited for Cancan.

Therefore, not only Qin Can is looking forward to this grooming session, Xu Ran is also equally excited about it.

“Lie down here.”

The Earth Roaring Rhino obediently walked towards the grooming table, and under Xu Ran’s instructions laid down on it.

After Xu Ran’s preparation work was done, the grooming officially began. The warm water flowed along the creases of the Earth Roaring Rhino’s body, taking away visible dirt. At the same time, the soothing massage effect penetrated its skin, relaxing it from within.

The Earth Roaring Rhino slightly squinted its small eyes, the expression on its face showing a bit of indulgence. This was the first time it had experienced such a comfortable grooming, so it couldn’t help but hum contentedly.

“Uh-”

Qin Can, who was sitting by the side, stroked his chin and nodded slightly. Although he didn’t understand grooming, he could see that Xu Ran’s skills were definitely impressive. After all, it was rare to see his Earth Roaring Rhino so comfortable just at the beginning of the grooming.

What made him happier was that the bill for this expensive pampering was being footed by someone else.

Hmm… He should be nicer to Ye Haoming in the future.

Half an hour later, the two owners and their pets came out of the grooming room.

Ye Haoming, who had been anxiously waiting in the shop, quickly came forward. After seeing the Earth Roaring Rhino which, like a completely rejuvenated beast, had become especially majestic and imposing, he dragged Qin Can out of the shop door.

“Indeed, you weren’t really out to find any faults with Xu Ran at all. You were just tricking me into paying for the grooming!” Ye Haoming glared at Qin Can and rebuked him.

“Nonsense!” Qin Can’s expression changed, looking even more wronged than Ye Haoming, “I was really trying to find out what’s wrong with this guy. Moreover, I have already discovered something off about Xu Ran.”

“Huh?” Ye Haoming was slightly taken aback and reflexly asked, “Tell me.”

“This man, his background is very mysterious, he doesn’t seem like a Beast Master from a 3 Level Town.” Qin Can said word by word, “As for more problems, I haven’t figured it out yet. But if we groom another pet beast, I would probably be able to tell.”

“Then you go.” Ye Haoming immediately urged.

“Alright, thank you Haoming for paying for the grooming of two pet beasts.”

Qin Can gave Ye Haoming a grateful look and turned around to leave.

“Huh?” Ye Haoming reached out to hold Qin Can, but discovered that this guy was running away quickly.

“Hang on, when did I say I was going to pay for the second one?!”

“Boss Xu, let’s continue with the second one!”

Qin Can, who had returned to the shop, laughed and sent the Earth Roaring Rhino back to its original place, summoning the Wind Unseen Force, “Ye Haoming is still paying, let’s go quickly.”

“Okay.” Xu Ran’s face was also filled with a bright smile.

The grooming session for the Earth Roaring Rhino yielded good results earlier. And yes, it was a Three-Star Skill.

[★★★Earth Shaking Roar] (Teachable)

This Earth Roaring Rhino had shown off this skill during its battle with Ziyun. The skill could not only be taught to Cancan, but Xu Ran was also able to predict that it would be very compatible with the Earth-shattering Skyfall. Indeed, it was correct to move to the Second Level Town.

Here, there are many pet beasts that have evolved once, and they can utilize the B-level Plucking Fur to its fullest extent.

Xu Ran could already anticipate gaining more and more Three-Star Skills through plucking, allowing the three little ones to continue improving, and step by step reaching Four Stars.

The two of them entered the grooming room again, leaving Ye Haoming, who had caught up, to hit a wall, eventually having no choice but to pay dejectedly. “Thankfully the Wind Unseen Force is a Small Pet Beast.” Ye Haoming touched his chest to regulate his breathing, then gritted his teeth, “If Qin Can says he wants to groom the Mist Song Envoy later, I definitely won’t foot the bill!”

“I, Ye Haoming, will not be a sap!”

The three little ones who were watching the shop for Xu Ran in the shop exchanged a look quietly.

“Meow?” (Do you think this guy will pay for the third time?)

Ziyun yawned unconcernedly, asking casually.

“Xi Lu~” (I think he will.)

Star couldn’t help nodding, his expression quite certain.

“Sure-” (I think so too.)

Cancan nodded, then changed the subject.

“Sure?” (Xu Ran looked very happy earlier, could it be that he got a Three-Star Skill while grooming?)@@novelbin@@

Upon hearing Cancan’s inquiry, both Ziyun and Star’s expressions changed simultaneously.

Yes, they were so focused on Ye Haoming, the big suffering seed, that they didn’t react at all.

As Xu Ran’s Pet Beasts, they knew him very well.

The current look on his face indicated that Plucking Fur had obtained a teachable skill that didn’t need to be broken down into Skill Fragments. Combined with the fact that the Earth Roaring Rhino belonged to the King Species…

So, did he get a Three Star Skill?!

Upon this realization, both Ziyun and Star gazed at Cancan simultaneously. The skill obtained by Plucking Fur would definitely belong to Cancan.

Despite a Three Star Skill also requiring 2000 Value Points to exchange, just like using Skill Fragments, there is only so much resource allocation for each Skill Fragment. Saving up 200 to exchange for a Three Star Skill is not easy.

So, Cancan still got a bargain.

“Meow-” (The one that just went in is Wind attribute.)

Ziyun sighed helplessly, her eyes towards the Grooming Room were filled with resentment.

When will a Thunder Attribute King Species come?

Xi Lu~” (He just got a Three Star Skill, he shouldn’t get a second one now.)

Star lowered her head and brushed against Ziyun in a comforting gesture.

Ziyun lifted her head, looking at him with resentful eyes.

Do you think your words are comforting me?

Both little ones sighed and looked at the still-beaming Cancan.

If they don’t make an effort, they’ll soon be overtaken by the third one!

Amidst the whispers of the three little ones, the door of the Grooming Room was pushed open, and Xu Ran walked out with the Wind Unseen Force looking refreshed.

Unlike the Flame Barbarian Bull and Earth Roaring Rhino before, the Wind Unseen Force is a wind elemental Pet Beast. Its body is naturally translucent, with a peculiar structure that has no internal organs.

After grooming, the appearance of the Wind Unseen Force didn’t change much…no, it’s more accurate to say it doesn’t have an appearance at all.

The refreshed body merged into the wind and disappeared.

“Qin Can, you won’t trick me into treating you again!” Ye Haoming, who had been waiting for a long time, was so angry that he spoke directly in front of Xu Ran, “If you want to groom, continue grooming here, I won’t accompany you! I’m leaving!”

Having said that, Ye Haoming turned around and left.

“Huh?!” This time, it was Qin Can who was stunned.

As he watched Ye Haoming’s fading figure, he rubbed his temple somewhat annoyedly. “The old saying is right, you can fool me once or twice but not three times.”

“Hehe…” Xu Ran watched this scene unfold with a bright smile, “Our shop has just opened, there is a promotional event, buy two care services and get one free.”

“Really?” Qin Can’s eyes lit up instantly, looking at Xu Ran.

“Of course it’s true.” Xu Ran nodded seriously, “So your third Pet Beast can get the grooming service for free.”

That’s a lie!

The three little ones, who witnessed their Beast Master lie through his teeth, shouted inwardly.

There’s a problem, a big one!

When Xu Ran just walked out of the Grooming Room, his smile was so genuine you could almost see it dripping.

This type of smile meant only one thing!

He had also obtained a Three Star Skill during the grooming of Wind Unseen Force!

Feeling the inward complaints of the three little ones, Xu Ran glanced in their direction and subtly made a “don’t let the cat out of the bag” gesture.

Indeed, as the three little ones speculated, Xu Ran had once again gained another Three Star Skill from Wind Unseen Force.

[★★★Tornado Group] (Untrainable)

If gaining the first Three Star Skill had filled Xu Ran with anticipation for his future life in Xieyun City, then the second Three Star skill that came immediately after, redirected his attention to Qin Can.

What a familiar scene…

Xu Ran glanced at his Pleasure value, which was high enough for three Ten Consecutive Drawings, then looked back at Qin Can, who had just summoned the lovely humanoid Pet Beast, the Mist Song Envoy, with a serious expression.

Could you be the second Lucky Fish?

Let’s verify that with the upcoming grooming!

That’s it for today, let me think about how to groom a humanoid Pet Beast without getting flagged by review..