Chapter 282 - 175 Main Task 3, Unexpected Function_2

Chapter 175 Main Task 3, Unexpected Function_2

Translator: 549690339

That is…

Xu Ran is summoning! @@novelbin@@

Starfire Foster Shop, Xieyun City.

Inside the closed store, a Hexagram Star Array appeared behind Xu Ran.

Amidst the raging winds, the three little ones gradually emerged, curiously looking around at the decor that was identical to the Starfire Foster Shop in Qingzhou City.

“Sure?” (We’re in Xieyun City already?)

Surprise shone on Cancan’s face.

Amazing!

“It really is Xieyun City.” After a glance at the scene outside the store, Xu Ran nodded firmly, confirming this.

He reopened the transmission function, the green arrow shifted to another point of light, and the original point of light lost the arrow.

He tentatively clicked on the point of light corresponding to Qingzhou City.

[Do you want to spend 10,000 pleasure points to teleport to the branch in

Qingzhou City]

[Yes][No]

Just by spending twenty thousand pleasure points, you can easily go back and forth between Xieyun City and Qingzhou City?

This is really a great deal.

“Ding-ding-”

A slightly urgent ringtone interrupted Xu Ran’s thoughts.

The sound wasn’t from the cellphone he carried, but from a landline in the

store.

Wait, when did a landline appear in the store?

And who would call a newly installed landline?

Xu Ran sucked in a breath, feeling the situation suddenly turn weird.

He gingerly picked up the landline.

The next moment, Tony’s enthusiastic voice came through the phone.

“Ohayd, Onii-chan~”

Xu Ran:”…”

Scared the hell out of him.

“Teacher Tony, what’s going on?” Xu Ran knew that if the other party called, it certainly had a purpose.

“This is the most important new ability that a system store manager has, compared with a system clerk.” Tony gave a smug smile.

“The system store manager can contact the boss directly. The boss can talk to the designated store manager through a landline in any branch.”

“Conversely, all store managers can proactively speak to the boss about recent developments via the landline.”

Understanding what this ability meant, Xu Ran couldn’t help but inhale sharply.

In this world, communications are limited to within a city, and the exchange of information between different cities is extremely difficult.

But Teacher Tony could contact him directly from Qingzhou City to Xieyun City through the landline.

And according to Tony’s words, all system store managers can have this ability, so in the future, when he has new branches…

Isn’t this a living, breathing, real-time intelligence network?!

It can be said that the role of this store manager’s ability is on par with teleportation.

“Of course, if the boss misses me, he can also call me late at night-” Tony’s voice interrupted Xu Ran’s thoughts.

His mouth twitched slightly, “Tony, I’m hanging up.”

“Heartless boss, remember to pay the phone bill- giegiegie-” Tony let out an unbearable laugh and then hung up.

Phone bill? What’s that?

Just as Xu Ran had this thought, a system notification popped up. [The call lasted 1 minute and deducted 1,000 pleasure points.]

Xu Ran: “…6.”

Rubbing his temples, Xu Ran looked at the three little ones, “Let’s just stay in Xieyun City and open the store.”

The most important resources of the three little ones are always with them, and they don’t have much stuff to bring. As for Xu Ran himself, he was alone and didn’t have much luggage to prepare.

Having seen many familiar faces in the previous half-month of operation, he had in a way said goodbye.

When he needs to go back to Qingzhou City in the future, he only needs to spend 20,000 pleasure points to teleport.

So…

Since they were already here.

After taking a look at the price list, identical to the one in Qingzhou City, Xu Ran pushed open the shop door.

Starfire Foster Shop in Xieyun City is open for business today!

“The store in Xieyun City has opened.”

Inside the Starfire Foster Shop in Qingzhou City, Tony clapped his hands,

“Fellow colleagues, the boss is working so hard, how can we slack off?”

“Let’s work hard together and welcome a wonderful tomorrow!”

“I’ll take care of washing and Protection and receiving customers, you two take

care of the rest.”

The green-skinned frog and the black-clothed man nodded simultaneously and moved towards the back door of the store.

Teacher Tony took out his pink apron from his bosom, gave it a shake in the air, and then with an expression full of solemnity, put it on, tying a bow at the back with his large fan-like palm, like a general donning his armor.

“So, next…” He pushed open the store door, looking at the queue of customers outside, he gave a love-filled wink.

“Ohayo- Onii-chan~”

Underground, in the foster area.

The black-clothed man waved at the green-skinned frog and headed straight

for the training area.

The green-skinned frog watched the black-clothed man depart with its dull eyes, then moved its feet forward, walking towards each resident of the foster area.

“Chirp?” (Who are you?)

The Velvet Sparrow, who had been wandering in the foster area all day, was the first to notice the new guest. It wobbled up curiously and chirped a question.

The green-skinned frog didn’t answer, silent, it took a frog toy from the ones tied to its stick and handed it to the Velvet Sparrow.

“Chirp?” (For me?)

The green-skinned frog nodded.

The Velvet Sparrow was amazed, as the frog toy suddenly exploded into smoke revealing a food bowl filled with food.

This is…

Looking at its favorite food, the Velvet Sparrow seemed to come to a

realization.

This is the new employee Xu Ran mentioned before?

What an odd but fun character.

However…

The Velvet Sparrow’s eyes suddenly dimmed, and it struggled to show interest

in its favorite food.

“Chirp?” (Are they not in the store any more?)

The green-skinned frog gently nodded.

“Chirp?” (When will they return?)

The green-skinned frog silently shook its head.

The Velvet Sparrow glanced at the frog, then ate the food in the bowl quickly, wiping its beak with its wing.

“Chirp-” (I’ve finished eating, thank you.)

Watching the green-skinned frog carry a pile of frog toys to the other pet beasts, the Velvet Sparrow retracted its gaze and swung back onto the rocking chair in the living area.

“Chirp-” (This guy, leaves without saying a word…)

In the training area, a pet beast, during its speed type skill training, lay lazily

on the ground.

The Beast Master was not there, nor was the human in the pink suit.

It could play truant with ease!

Just as this thought surfaced, the pet beast felt a sense of dreadful danger out of nowhere and shivered involuntarily.

Giving a quick look around, it instantly locked eyes with a big tree.

Approaching the tree step by step, a black shadow with a vicious laugh suddenly appeared before it.

The pet beast screamed in terror and ran as fast as it could.

Following behind it, the black-clothed man, with his signature grin and dead fish-eyes, held a glinting dagger, and swiftly followed.

He chased, it fled.

It was hard-pressed to escape.

“Qin Can, come out! You can’t sneak out and pretend you just got back, I know you’re in!”

Hearing the familiar shouting from outside, Qin Can inside couldn’t help but roll his eyes.

The sucker came again.

Although this guy was dumb and easy to deceive, he was really a bit too annoying.

“Coming, coming!”

Donning a coat he went out, opened the door for Ye Haoming who was standing in front of the courtyard door then turned to enter the house, “Alright, what is it this time?”

“Humph!” Ye Haoming snorted, “This time I’m here for official business, remember that kid named Xu Ran?”

“Xu Ran…” Qin Can narrowed his eyes, a figure surfaced in his mind, “Didn’t that kid go back to his small city home?”

“You know, I have a relative working in the Commerce Department.” Ye Haoming gave a smug hum, “He sent me a message. A store named Starfire Foster Care Shop just completed its registration.”

“I have the address of this shop, don’t you want to go see the little punk’s shop with me and find some trouble for him?”

“Starfire Foster Care Shop…” Qin Can stroked his chin, thinking of the advertisement Xu Ran had made before.

Looking at Ye Haoming, he abruptly asked, “So, you’re inviting me to find trouble with Xu Ran, right?”

“Right?” Ye Haoming nodded subconsciously then immediately with experience from being duped many times, he got a feeling of unease, “What are you thinking?”

“Good, let me change, and we can go.” Qin Can said approvingly, then paused.

“Today’s expenses are on Young Master Ye.”