Chapter 280 - 174 Two New Store Clerks_2

Chapter 174 Two New Store Clerks_2

Translator: 549690339

He looked at Xu Ran, “Is that teacher Tony also really good at washing and protection? Can he compare with you, Boss Xu?”

“You can rest assured on this point.” Xu Ran nodded, “Teacher Tony’s washing and protection skills are no less than mine.”

“That’s alright then.” Satisfied, Qi He nodded and, dragging a distraught Liu Yu, turned to leave. When they reached the corner outside the shop, he curiously asked his friend, “Why did you react so strangely when you heard that Teacher Tony is taking over the shop?”

“Well… How should I explain this to you…” Liu Yu made a face, as if constipated, “Teacher Tony… He is… He is the type that… just…”

After struggling for a long time to describe Tony’s eccentricities, Liu Yu finally gave up, patted Qi He on the shoulder and said, “Anyway, you’ll understand once you see him after a while.”

“What you said is pretty much meaningless!” Qi He rolled his eyes helplessly. Turning his head, he saw the door of the Starfire Foster Care Shop slowly closing, and asked in surprise, “Were we the last customers?”

“Maybe.” Liu Yu shrugged, “I think there won’t be any discounts on washing and protection services from now on. I’m lucky I moved quickly and brought you here.”

“Yeah, no more discounts on washing and protection…” Thinking about the original price of the washing and protection at Starfire Foster Care Shop, Qi He couldn’t help showing a painful expression.

It’s so expensive!

Unaware of the conversation between the two customers outside the shop, Xu Ran closed the shop door.

At the moment, he was filled with excitement and anticipation.

As he had expected, the B-Level Plucking Fur successfully obtained a two-star skill from Qi He’s pet beast, and got 4 skill fragments after decomposition, fulfilling the last requirement.

“Dum dum dum-”

Amid the sound of quick footsteps, Tony, dressed in a flashy pink suit, rushed in from the back door, throwing a wink at Xu Ran and saying, “Boss-”

“Stop, stop, enough.” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched a little. He looked past Tony towards the direction of the back door.

Soon, the three little ones, who had stopped training halfway, came out from the back door in unison.

Such a big event as the completion of the main task had to be witnessed by them as well.

Once everyone was gathered, Xu Ran cleared his throat, and his expression gradually grew serious, “After half a month of hard work, we have successfully gathered all the resources needed to promote Tony to the position of system store manager!”

“Yooho!” Tony whooped excitedly, then out of nowhere, pulled out a saxophone and started playing a stirring tune, swinging his body around.

The three little ones, on the other hand, looked agonized.

Such resources, if applied to any of them, would be enough to drastically strengthen them!

Half a month!

Do you know how they managed to survive this half a month?

They had been living off the city’s waste picked up by Cancan every day!

Up to now, Ziyun had a debt of 3180 beast master points to Cancan, even when it had the Giant Thunder Bead.

Star’s situation was even worse. Due to lack of resources, he now owed Cancan 5030 beast master points. He had gone from being the richest in the team to being the poorest.

Only Cancan was able to thrive outside the city, using his ability to detect Echoing of Earth Vein and move within Burrow Soil, along with his King Species’ Leadership Stage strength. Not only did he quickly gain strength, he also collected a large amount of lOUs.

However, thinking that after Tony’s promotion, they would return to normal resource distribution again, a spark of hope flickered in the eyes of the three little ones.

Suffering leads to sweet rewards!

“So now…” Xu Ran took a deep breath, looking at Tony, “Tony, I am going to promote you to system store manager, hoping that you will remember your original intention, work hard to maintain the shop’s operations, and grow bigger!”

“Since the boss trusts me so much, I will give it my all!” Tony threw his saxophone aside, his face full of emotion. He slapped his chest, utters a deep “thump thump” sound, and the exposed chest hair.

“Great.” Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction.

Although it was just a promotion for a system clerk, it should still have a sense of ceremony.

With a thought, a hundred thousand pleasure values, ten thousand physical points, a thousand skill fragments all disappeared. Tony, in front of him, burst into a dazzling light, somewhat similar to the glow of a pet beast advancing.

Xu Ran was originally hoping that Tony would look more normal after being promoted to system store manager. However, once the light faded, Tony was still Tony.

No, to be precise, he had become more flamboyant.

Looking at Tony who had changed into an ultra-thin suspender suit, Xu Ran couldn’t help but facepalm.

Can this guy really be a store manager?

Forget it, let’s not look at this annoying thing anymore, let’s take a look at the system tasks instead.

[Main Task 2: Prevention Before Disaster (Completed)

Task Description: Please host promote the system clerk to system store manager, and own a shop in any Second Level Town.

Reward: System Clerk x 2, System Upgrade Experience +200]

[Click to Receive]

Receive!

Xu Ran took a deep breath, looking at the vortex that appeared before his eyes.

The previous tutor Tony, had also emerged from a similar vortex.

He had no idea what the new clerk would look like this time.

He couldn’t help but place his clasped hands over his chest.

God bless, he prayed, hoping it wouldn’t be another weirdo. Please, let it be a more ordinary clerk!

The three little pets glanced at each other, then also closed their eyes and made wishing gestures.

“Rustle-”

A faint sound came from the depth of the vortex.

Xu Ran and the three little ones all perked up their ears, with expectant expressions in their eyes, looking at the vortex.

“Oh?” Tony, who was no longer a teacher but now Manager Tony, crossed his arms and flashed a playful smile. “My partner, is actually him?”

“Rustle-”

The sound gradually became clearer.

A weird expression appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Why did this sound seem familiar?

Like… the friction of plastic objects against each other?

Just as this thought crossed his mind, a figure about 1.80 meters tall walked out of the vortex.

The hopeful expressions on Xu Ran and his three pets froze.

What the hell… is that?

At least Tony was human, but what was this in front of him? A green-skinned frog walking upright?

Moreover, the frog was holding a stick, hung with a bunch of frog toys!

What was it trying to do? Selling babies?

“This guy… is wearing a mascot suit, right?” Xu Ran opened his mouth in a slightly questioning tone, stepped forward to touch the upright frog, and then tried to take off the frog head, hoping to reveal the real face under the mascot suit.

The green-skinned frog remained silent, clasped its head with both hands, and ran off.

“Eh? It’s not!” Seeing the green-skinned frog trembling behind Tony, Xu Ran lifted the hand that had just touched the frog. There was a look of disbelief on his face, “This isn’t a mascot suit?”

“Of course, it isn’t. This is the System Clerk, Mr. Green Frog. He just looks like that.” Tony shrugged, “Oh, he made those hand-crafted toys. It’s his hobby. Boss Xu, would you like to buy one?”

“No, thank you!” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched, then he looked back at the vortex.

Two abnormal clerks in his shop were already too much!

The third one must be normal, right?

He was not asking for much, just a human, without Tony’s unique flair, preferably one that kept a low profile…

Seeing a shadow flashing through the vortex, Xu Ran’s expression froze.

Unsure, he asked, “Just now… did something come out of the vortex?”

“XiLu~” (Over there!)

Star, the one with the best vision among the three little ones, quickly turned its head in a certain direction.

A pair of fierce eyes and a wide mouth appeared from the shadows in the corner of the shop, which made Xu Ran’s hair stand on end.

“What is this?!”

“This is the System Clerk, Mr. Black Clothes.” Tony waved at the shadow with a smile, “Long time no see. From now on, we are colleagues.”

A figure clad in black with only eyes and a mouth showing emerged from the shadows and also smiled.

Yet, for some reason, that smile always gave off the impression of a suspect criminal.

Xu Ran: “….Is this my new clerk?”@@novelbin@@