Chapter 284 - 176: Where Has Li Gui Gone?_2

Chapter 176: Where Has Li Gui Gone?_2

Translator: 549690339

“I initially planned to have a wash at his place and then find fault…” Ye Haoming revealed his plans, his expression slightly frustrated, “But, this guy charges so much, wouldn’t I look like a sucker if I paid?”

Aren’t you already a sucker?

Unable to stop himself, Qin Can muttered in his heart, then took a deep breath, “But if we want to openly find fault, isn’t this the only way? Or… do you want to use some underhanded tricks?”

“Damn it! My actions are always above board!” Ye Haoming huffed, “Fine, let it be washed, I’ll find a ton of faults afterward that he won’t be able to keep his shop running!”

Having made up his mind, Ye Haoming went back into the shop.

Qin Can followed behind him, nodding in satisfaction.

Now that’s more like it…

If Ye Haoming was unwilling to get his own pet cleaned, how would he persuade this guy to treat them?

Xu Ran is pretty skilled, but whether he’s good at grooming is still unclear, so of course, we need to have this guy try it out first.

“Boy, wash my pet beast.” Ye Haoming looked at Xu Ran’s storefront, then snorted, and the Hexagram Star Array flashed behind him.

A bullish beast with a rugged figure and a length of eight meters, covered in red hair, stepped out of the fierce wind, then exploded with the majestic aura of a leadership stage, raising its head and letting out a long, low moo.

“Moo ”

It was a Flame Barbarian Bull, a fire attribute leader species.

“Meow-” (Oh, it’s you.)

Ziyun, lounging on the counter, gave a yawn and lazily glanced at the Flame Barbarian Bull.

It still remembered the day when this beast and two other leader stage pet beasts tried to gang up on it, only to be easily defeated by Ziyun alone.

Really useless!

The Flame Barbarian Bull’s gaze fell on Ziyun, and it quickly calmed its aura, like a good child terrified of a bully, it hung its head low, even its flame-covered tail stopped swinging.

Obviously, it recognized Ziyun, who had easily stunned it that day.

Looking at the Flame Barbarian Bull who readily admitted defeat in front of his pet beast, the corner of Ye Haoming’s mouth twitched slightly. But then he remembered that his purpose this time was not to fight with Xu Ran, but to find fault in Xu Ran’s shop.

He was a customer, and the customer is God!

With that in mind, Ye Haoming regained his confidence and looked at Xu Ran, “Give my pet beast a good grooming!”

“No problem.” Xu Ran revealed a smile and did a system identification.

[Race Name: Flame Barbarian Bull

Attribute: Fire

Growth Stage: Leadership Stage

Size: Large

Maintenance Need: *****

Evaluation: A Flame Barbarian Bull that has once been defeated by the host, facing the host’s skillful hands, the poor thing probably doesn’t stand a chance to resist.]

Xu Ran:”…”

Why does it sound so forced?

“Flame Barbarian Bull, come with me.” Xu Ran signaled to the chastised Flame Barbarian Bull, then looked at Ye Haoming, “The Beast Master can accompany the grooming process, or you can wait in the lounge over there.”

“I’ll just wait in the lounge.” Ye Haoming snorted and without hesitation, turned and walked towards the lounge.

A long, long time ago, he was also curious about grooming services at pet care shops, thinking he could learn and save some money himself.

But after actually observing it, he realized the grooming procedure was too complicated, he couldn’t remember any of it, and he didn’t want to do it himself.

Better to simply pay money and let the pet beasts enjoy the grooming.

So, just like before, Ye Haoming chose not to accompany him this time.

He spotted several snacks he was interested in the lounge. He planned to eat a lot later, to make up for the 66666 yuan grooming fee!@@novelbin@@

Sitting on the couch, Ye Haoming grabbed a handful of snacks and shoved them into his mouth, chewing fiercely while glaring at the closed grooming room.

This damn shop, it looks very small.

That’s why he intentionally chose the largest pet beast among his three.

Judging from the size of Xu Ran’s shop, he thought there might not even be enough room for the Flame Barbarian Bull to turn around in the grooming room. He wanted to see if Xu Ran would be able to groom his pet beast properly.

Qin Can sat next to Ye Haoming with a cheery smile, opened a bag of snacks and started to eat leisurely.

He was thinking about how he could coax this dolt into paying for the grooming of his own pet beast later.

“Moo~”

The Flame Barbarian Bull looked around in surprise. The enormous space inside the grooming room took it by surprise and left it quite astonished.

“Lie down here.”

Xu Ran patted the shoulder of the Flame Barbarian Bull, pointing towards the grooming table set up specifically for large pet beasts.

Having been patted by Xu Ran, the Flame Barbarian Bull shivered and quickly became timid again. It obediently laid down on the grooming table, its long red fur spreading out on both sides.

Looking at the Flame Barbarian Bull clinging tightly to the grooming table, for some reason, Xu Ran felt as if this eight-meter-long massive creature was giving him the impression of an innocent flower about to burst into tears.

Helplessly rubbing his face, he cast aside the ridiculous thoughts in his mind. Xu Ran skillfully prepared the bath liquid, adjusted the water temperature, and then poured the warm water over the robust body of the Flame Barbarian Bull.

“Splish splash-”

Accompanied by a soft sound, the bath liquid slid down the bull’s towering back, cleaning the slightly disheveled fur and making it neat again.

Then, the bath liquid trickled down to the tips of the fur, which was closely attached to the grooming table, washing away the dirt on the surface of the fur, leaving a grey-black trace on the porcelain grooming table before finally flowing into the drain.

The eyes of the Flame Barbarian Bull widened instantly.

As the bath liquid was poured, it felt the warm liquid meandering along the texture of its skin, like a gentle caress, evoking a sense of warmth within it.

Although it had undergone quite a few grooming sessions before, it was experiencing such a magical sensation for the first time.

[Pleasure value from the Flame Barbarian Bull +20]

Xu Ran glanced at the Flame Barbarian Bull and a look of satisfaction flashed in his eyes.

It was really providing him with quite a lot of pleasure value.

His gaze became increasingly focused, and his movements likewise became gentler.

As the first client to experience the grooming service of Starfire Foster Care Shop in Xieyun City, you should properly experience our shop’s services!

The Flame Barbarian Bull’s robust body trembled slightly as waves of warmth rolled over its body, bringing it one wave of strange feelings after another.

Its gaze gradually became hazy, and it couldn’t help but raise its head slightly, staring into the dim lights. A sound was about to escape from its throat.

Suddenly, the image of Xu Ran appeared in the eyes of the Flame Barbarian Bull.

This caused it to sober up a little.

The Flame Barbarian Bull naturally knew the intention of its Beast Master.

If that were the case, what would the Beast Master think if he couldn’t hold back and made noises due to comfort?

Thinking of this, the Flame Barbarian Bull kept its mouth shut tightly, not allowing the sound that was almost squeezed out to escape, and only let out slightly heavy breathing noises.

[Pleasure value from the Flame Barbarian Bull +30]

Hmm?

Xu Ran couldn’t help but look at the Flame Barbarian Bull.

It increased by 20 points once before, but now suddenly it increased by 30 points at once?

He naturally noticed the movements of the Flame Barbarian Bull just now.

Like other pet beasts that had been groomed here before, the Flame Barbarian Bull was also on the verge of making strange noises. But this guy managed to forcefully suppress the urge to make noise through sheer willpower.

So, did that increase the amount of pleasure value?

This fellow…Isn’t it some kind of masochistic commitment?

He shook his head to clear his mind of these thoughts. After Xu Ran had finished dampening and preliminarily combing its fur, he immediately began to conduct a more thorough cleaning.

With the orderly progress of the cleaning, the pleasure of the Flame Barbarian Bull constantly increased.

It kept its eyes tightly closed and its mouth shut, refusing to make a sound. Only increasingly heavy breathing and low humming sounds constantly squeezed out from its nostrils.

[Pleasure value from the Flame Barbarian Bull +50]

[Pleasure value from the Flame Barbarian Bull +50]

[Pleasure value from…]

However, despite trying so hard, the Flame Barbarian Bull finally couldn’t help but make a sound under the manipulation of Xu Ran.

“Moo—”

[Pleasure value from the Flame Barbarian Bull +40]

Xu Ran:”???”

Seeing the increase in pleasure value drop in the moment the Flame Barbarian Bull made a sound, Xu Ran’s eyes instantly flared with anger.

My pleasure value!

After using a clean cloth to block the mouth of the Flame Barbarian Bull, the grooming continued.

[Pleasure value from the Flame Barbarian Bull +55]

Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction.

Yes… that’s more like it..