Chapter 287 - 178: Washing And Protection For The Human­Shaped Pet Beastll

Chapter 178: Washing and Protection for the Human-shaped Pet Beastll

Translator: 549690339

“Follow me.”

Xu Ran glanced at Mist Song Envoy, his expression gradually turning solemn.

Having run a foster shop for such a long time, he had washed and cared for hundreds of kinds of Pet Beasts, but this was the first time dealing with a human-shaped Pet Beast.

The Mist Song Envoy had human-like hands and feet, roughly one meter and seventy centimetres tall, and even had flowing long hair, like a human.

Its semi-transparent body was mostly hidden beneath a cloak made of condensing mist. Even its face seemed veiled with mist, so Xu Ran couldn’t tell if its features were similar to a human’s.

Only a pair of bright eyes were visible through the mist, their gaze causing Xu Ran to feel slightly dazzled as they stared directly at him.

He’d experienced the same sensation when making eye contact with the Velvet Sparrow, but compared to it, the Mist Song Envoy, a Leadership Stage King Species, was clearly more imposing.

This was a characteristic of Super-Ability Attribute Pet Beasts; most of them, especially those skilled in illusions and psychic attacks, had very bright eyes.

The Mist Song Envoy lightly nodded, then followed behind Xu Ran toward the Grooming Room.

This time, Qin Can opted not to follow along.

His entering the Grooming Room was purely to prevent Ye Haoming from finding him. Now that Ye Haoming had fled, he no longer felt the need to hide there.

As Qin Can casually sat in the rest area and started to open a bag of snacks, he paused.

He couldn’t help but turn his head to look in the direction of the three little ones.

Were those three little guys just watching him?

His face expressed bewilderment and suspicion. Because when he looked over, Ziyun was lazily lying on Cancan’s shell, leisurely licking its paw. Cancan and Star were huddled together, whispering in each other’s ears.

Was it just his imagination?

He slowly returned his gaze.

Almost simultaneously, the three little ones stopped their actions and looked toward Qin Can, expectation gleaming in their eyes.

After the last time when the three little ones conned the Wind Lion Dog into grooming with the Velvet Sparrow, causing a funny situation to arise, Xu Ran explained to them why he always allocated resources after Lucky Liu arrived.

Upon understanding the real situation, the three little ones finally understood.

Now, two of Qin Can’s Pet Beasts had gained a Three-Star Skill during their grooming. If his third Pet Beast managed the same, he might replace Liu Gu and become the second Lucky Fish!

From then on, they wouldn’t have to return to Qingzhou City. As long as they encountered him in Xieyun City, and conducted the lottery drawing based on pleasure value, they could start a new round of resource distribution!

Thinking this over, the three little ones became very interested in Qin Can.

Qin Can seemed to sense something and cast a questioning look in their direction again.

However, the quick-witted three little ones were ahead of him. They quickly looked away and pretended to be doing other things.

Thus, there was a tense standoff between Qin Can and his three beasts outside the Grooming Room.

Inside the Grooming Room, a similar standoff was happening between Xu Ran and Mist Song Envoy. @@novelbin@@

Xu Ran’s hands were evenly coated with shiny essential oil which reflected in the light, then he slowly smeared it onto the back of the Mist Song Envoy, who was laid out on the care platform. The soft misty veil was no impediment in this process.

The chill of the essential oil sent a shiver through the Mist Song Envoy.

Its bright eyes, shining through the mist, squinted slightly. As Xu Ran continued his muscle kneading, its eyelids gradually relaxed, revealing its current satisfaction, despite not being able to see its facial expression.

Its tense form relaxed again, becoming soft under Xu Ran’s powerful kneading.

[Pleasure Points from the Mist Song Envoy +20]

[Pleasure Points from the Mist Song Envoy +20]

[Pleasure Points from…]

Ignoring the system notifications popping up before his eyes, Xu Ran continued to massage the place where he had earlier smeared the oil. Then he poured some more oil in his palm and went on to the next spot.

The temperatureless skin of the Mist Song Envoy felt like human skin to touch, giving Xu Ran a weird feeling of massaging a human.

Brushing that strange thought aside, Xu Ran kept kneading the Mist Song Envoy’s back seriously.

As Xu Ran’s hands gradually moved downward, the Mist Song Envoy’s satisfaction and comfort seemed to intensify. By the time he began kneading around its lower back, it had taken on a seductively blurred expression.

Unable to resist, the Mist Song Envoy began to gently tremble, shaking off the surrounding mist and revealing the impressive curves beneath.

A barely suppressed sound was squeezed from its throat.

“Mew—”

[Pleasure Points from the Mist Song Envoy +30]

[Pleasure Points from the Mist Song Envoy +30]

[Pleasure Points from…]

After a long five hundred thousand words of grooming, the door of the Grooming Room was slowly pushed open.

Xu Ran stepped out, followed by a wobbly Mist Song Envoy which had to use a hand to lean against the doorframe, its eyes still slightly unfocused.

“Grooming complete.” Xu Ran’s smile was exceptionally radiant, because another Pet Beast skill had appeared on his system.

[★★★Sea of Clouds Trace] (Unshareable)

All three Pet Beasts had obtained a Three-Star Skill after grooming, an almost impossible occurrence at the current B-Level plucking fur stage.

So, it’s almost certain that Qin Can also possesses Lucky Fish attributes.

“Listen Xu Ran, that grooming…” Qin Can, who came forward, looked somewhat strange.. “Was it really appropriate?”