Chapter 288 - 178: Washing And Protection For The Human­Shaped Pet Beast! _2

Chapter 178: Washing and Protection for the Human-shaped Pet Beast! _2

Translator: 549690339

Can’t blame him for thinking the wrong things, the noises the previous two Pet Beasts made while being groomed were already strange, hearing Mist Song Envoy’s voice from outside the grooming room made him even more suspicious.

This type of Super Ability Attribute Pet Beast influences the emotions and mental state of its opponent through its singing. Its vocal tonality is naturally very pleasant. Hearing it making such sounds, one can’t help but think the wrong things.

Especially, when the one who came out of the grooming room had such a… improper look on his face.

“How could that be!” Xu Ran’s expression became serious in an instant. As it involved his own reputation, he felt the need to save it. “Our shop provides legitimate foster services, all the services provided are proper.”

“…Alright then.” Qin Can’s mouth twitched, “Then, IlL.what are you doing?” He’s coming! @@novelbin@@

The three little ones who were silently observing on the side saw Xu Ran suddenly extend his hand towards Qin Can’s shoulder, their eyes lit up with excitement synchronously.

“Nothing, there’s some dust on your shoulder, I’ll help you to brush it off,” Xu Ran chuckled, patted a few more times on Qin Can’s shoulder, and pulled his hand back.

However, his mood did not appear as calm as it did on the surface.

Confirmed! Qin Can has a lucky fish body constitution!

The first time he leeches off the luck, Xu Ran just tried a streak of ten, after the two purple lights confirmed Qin Can’s lucky fish body constitution, he simply used up the remaining two streaks of tens as well.

The latter two streaks of tens also showed purple, totalling four purple items with three streaks of tens. As for what they were, he could check once Qin Can left the store.

“…you’re actually pretty decent.” Qin Can paused, then turned around, “if there’s nothing else, I will…”

“Hey, hey, hey! There’s one more thing!” Xu Ran suddenly remembered something and hastily stopped Qin Can, “I’m new in Xieyun City and there’s something I’d like your advice on.”

“Oh?” A smile quickly emerged on Qin Can’s face as he turned around, “In consideration of you giving Mist Song Envoy a free grooming, I won’t charge you any consultation fees this time.”

Wait? Consultation fee?

Xu Ran blinked.

Nevermind, this isn’t important.

The reason he suddenly stopped Qin Can wasn’t because of the other party’s lucky fish body constitution, it’s because of another reason.

Before Qin Can and Ye Haoming arrived, Xu Ran and the three little ones were planning to find out if there were any upcoming competitions in Xieyun City that they could participate in, after the day’s business ended. In front of Qin Can, Xu Ran suddenly realised that he could ask him this question.

Qm Can should be one of the top young Beast Masters in Xieyun City. He would certainly know of such news.

“Do you know if there are any upcoming competitions in Xieyun City that are suitable for Leadership Level Beast Masters?” Xu Ran started to ask seriously. “Competitions suitable for Leadership Level Beast Masters…” Qin Can fell into contemplation, then quickly examined Xu Ran up and down, a look of slyness flashing in his eyes, “I can answer this question, but I’m going to have to charge for the next one.”

“No problem.”

In his eagemess to know Qin Can’s answer, Xu Ran nodded without hesitation. The three little ones also looked at Qin Can with anticipation in their eyes. Doing well in the competition means they can advertise.

With advertisements, the shop’s fame will increase.

When the shop’s fame increases, business will be better!

The better the business, the more resources they will get!

The more resources they get, the stronger they will become!

Therefore, competition equates to getting stronger!

“There are no competitions suitable for Leadership Level Beast Masters in the near future. Strictly speaking, such competitions are rarely held in Xieyun City.” Qin Can gave the answer, and seeing Xu Ran and the three little ones’ look of disappointment, he quickly added, “However…”

“If you’re thinking of advertising Starfire Foster Shop by participating in an exchange like before to attract more people, I have another method.”

Being as smart as he is, he can guess Xu Ran’s intentions from context clues. “What method?” With an unexpected twist in the conversation, Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask.

‘Hmm… I mentioned it earlier, for this question, there’s a fee.” Qin Can showed a cunning smile. “In the future, if you can offer my three pet beasts three free grooming services, I’ll tell you the answer.”

“…Huh?” Xu Ran blinked.

For a moment, he couldn’t figure out who was at a disadvantage here.

“Deal! No problem!” Xu Ran nodded without hesitation.

He was worried that Qin Can, a lucky charm in Xieyun City, wouldn’t come to the shop in the future.

Hmm?

Seeing that his request had been so easily agreed to, Qin Can couldn’t help but take a second look at Xu Ran.

He thought that the two of them would bargain, he had even set his bottom line at one free grooming service for each of his three pet beasts.

After all, what he was about to say, Xu Ran would gradually learn if he stayed a little longer in Xieyun City.

Unexpectedly, Xu Ran agreed.

Could it be…

A trace of strangeness flashed through Qin Can’s eyes.

Could this guy named Xu Ran be a scapegoat, just like Ye Haoming?

If that was the case, he really would have to visit this shop more often.

The fewer scapegoats there are, the more they should be cherished!

With a million thoughts racing through his mind, Qin Can spoke with a beaming smile.

“As a second-level town, Xieyun City is a step above three-level towns in terms of overall strength.”

“In three-level towns, pet beasts that have evolved once are rare, but in Xieyun City, pet beasts that have evolved once are not uncommon, and there are even some that have evolved twice, but such pet beasts are still rare in Xieyun City.” Upon hearing this, Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Even though the overall strength has increased by only one step, there is a gap of two growth stages between three-level towns and second-level towns, coupled with the gaps caused by successive generations, the overall strength of the two is not at the same level.

Qingzhou City, by comparison, is weak among three-level towns.

Xieyun City, on the other hand, is strong among second-level towns.

This contrast is even more stark.

“Strong overall strength means that the younger generation in Xieyun City includes many powerful Beast Masters.” Qin Can glanced at Xu Ran.

“So, to encourage these Beast Masters to continuously improve themselves and become stronger, Xieyun City has something that three-level towns don’t have.”

“The Beast Trainer Ranking.”

“Beast Trainer Ranking?” Xu Ran muttered these three words, quickly making associations and guesses in his mind, “a list to measure the strengths of the Beast Masters?”

“That’s the idea, but it’s not entirely accurate,” Qin Can mysteriously smiled, “The Beast Trainer Ranking is actually a collective term for various different lists for Beast Masters, not just one.”

“The criteria for these lists also vary.” Qin Can paused for a moment before continuing, “For example, the Attack Power Ranking.”

Ziyun’s eyes lit up immediately.

Attack power!

When it comes to this, it is invigorated!

This list, it has to get on it no matter what!

Or, for instance, the Defense Power Ranking.”

Cancan quickly perked up.

Defense power!

This is its strong suit, it has to give it a try!

On the side, Star also couldn’t help but straighten its body, staring intently at Qin Can.

Is there a Support Role Ranking?

However, Qin Can went on to give a few more examples, but there was no list suitable for Star.

This elicited a look of disappointment in Star’s eyes.

“Don’t worry, we will look into this later, and surely there will be a list that will allow you to showcase your strengths.” Noticing the change in Star’s mood, Xu Ran reached out and gently stroked its mane, then signaled for Qin Can to continue speaking.

These different types of lists are also divided according to different strength

levels. Different growth stages have different sub-lists.”

Qin Can laughed, “Some of the more valuable lists offer Beast Master Points rewards from the Association once you make it on.”

“And these rewards are settled on a weekly basis. As long as you maintain your ranking, you can receive points every week.”

“That’s good,” Xu Ran responded with a satisfied expression.

What sets a city apart is the ranking. With this ranking system, powerful Beast Masters have more ways to earn Beast Master Points, no wonder they generally tend to be stronger than those in three-level towns.

“That’s about it for the Beast Trainer Ranking.” Qin Can looked at Xu Ran, “Every Beast Master in the city pays attention to the ranking. If your name appears on it, it shouldn’t be difficult to promote your shop, right?”

Xu Ran nodded vigorously and the three little ones also looked eager to try.

Use competitions to advertise? No problem at all!

The Beast Trainer Ranking is a godsend!