Chapter 283 - 176: Where Has Li Gui Gone?_L

Chapter 176: Where Has Li Gui Gone?_l

Translator: 549690339

“Sure-” (How come there are no customers?)

Cancan eagerly stared at the passers-by outside the shop door, a look of confusion on his face.

When he was born, the Starfire Foster Care Shop was already well-known in Qingzhou City, with a constant stream of customers every day.

He had never seen Starfire Foster Care Shop in such a depressed state.

“Meow-” (This is normal.)

Ziyun, who had experienced such a situation before, calmly patted Cancan’s shell.

When it first met Xu Ran, the Starfire Foster Care Shop was in the same state.

It was hard to have a few customers in a day.

It was only later when it and Xu Ran participated in competitions and advertised to increase their fame, that the Starfire Foster Care Shop became popular in a short period of time.

Now in the unfamiliar Xieyun City, some things have to start from scratch again.

“Sure?” (So that’s it…)

After hearing Ziyun’s explanation, Cancan showed a contemplative expression.

So, to make this shop as bustling as the one in Qingzhou City, advertising is needed?

During its last visit to Xieyun City, it didn’t quite understand the significance of advertising. But now with a stark contrast, the importance of advertising has become evident.

Only after advertising, can there be more customers.

Only with more customers, can there be more resources!

So now the question is.

“Sure?” (How do we advertise?)

The three little ones looked at each other, each showing a contemplative expression.

“Don’t worry.” Seeing the three little ones like this, Xu Ran said calmly, “After today’s business ends, we’ll see if there are any ways to advertise in Xieyun City, preferably a competition like before.”

Thinking back to how the New Beast Master Challenge Match had increased Starfire Foster Care Shop’s fame in Qingzhou City by 50%, Xu Ran’s eyes lit up in anticipation.

While the three beasts and their master were lost in thought, time slowly passed.

Just as Xu Ran thought that the first day of business in Xieyun City would end with zero customers, two unexpected figures appeared in front of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

“Yo, it’s really you.” Ye Haoming walked into the Starfire Foster Care Shop with his hands behind his back, “Almost a month without seeing you, I thought you didn’t dare to come to Xieyun City.”

Behind him, followed Qin Can, who was smiling as if he had found money.

Qin Can’s gaze lingered on Xu Ran for a moment, quickly moving past him to the three little ones behind him. When he saw Cancan, who looked quite different from before, his pupils slightly contracted and surprise flashed in his eyes.

Has this guy evolved his third pet beast?

Although this was something he had done a long time ago, this guy Xu Ran had defeated him with only two pet beasts.

Now that the third pet beast has evolved as well, there’s no doubt that his strength has become even stronger.

“Since the shop was already bought, it’s natural to come.” Xu Ran glanced at the two of them, his expression calm, “Welcome, what service do you need?” “Service? Well, I’d like to see your…” Ye Haoming nodded, remembering why he came, and began to look around the shop. After a while, his expression slightly changed as his eyes landed on the price list on the wall.

This price…

“Hiss     ” He couldn’t help but gasp, a look of disbelief appearing on his face,

“Your foster care shop is so expensive?”

Without him looking for trouble, other foster care shops in Xieyun City could easily put this arrogant guy out of business, right?

Qin Can, who had been silent, also saw the price list. He was taken aback at first, then a sense of agreement appeared in his eyes as he looked at Xu Ran. Everyone says that he, Qin Can, is a big swindler who specializes in swindling money.

Comparing with Xu Ran, he really seemed like a small witch who has met a bigger one.

This is daylight robbery!

For a moment, Qin Can was filled with respect.

A role model for our generation!

“Expensive?” Xu Ran tilted his head, “What’s expensive? We’ve had this price for so many years!”

“Not expensive?” Ye Haoming widened his eyes, “Let’s just talk about the price of washing and protection, the best washing and protection service in Xieyun City is the Beast Washing Foster Store, their small pet beast washing and protection, the most expensive package is only around four thousand.”@@novelbin@@

“Do you know the effect of their four thousand washing and protection? It’s like having a new pet beast, and even because the washing and protection effect is too good, it significantly improves the pet beast’s condition.” “You!” Ye Haoming pointed to the price on the price list, “Just a regular washing, 6666 yuan a time, this price is not expensive?”

“Who told you, that our washing is just a regular washing.” Xu Ran spoke with a slightly strange expression, while secretly noting the place called Beast Washing Foster Store in his mind.

Is this one of his competitors in Xieyun City?

“No?” Ye Haoming’s eyes flashed with disdain, he was about to say something more, but was suddenly pulled aside by Qin Can who had been silent until now. “Wait.” Qin Can waved at Ye Haoming, and then pulled him out of the shop door and talked in a low voice outside the shop, “Did you forget something?” “What?” Ye Haoming asked subconsciously, a puzzled look in his eyes.

“What are you here for?” Qin Can looked at Ye Haoming.

“To pick a fight, right? This guy beat us…”

“Remove ‘us two’.” Qin Can waved.

“Alright. This guy beat me, now he’s opened a shop in Xieyun City, can’t I get my dignity back?” Ye Haoming sniffed.

“So how do you plan to pick a fight?” Qin Can looked at Ye Haoming again..