Chapter 289 - 179: You Call This A Pseudonym?! _1

Chapter 289: Chapter 179: You Call This a Pseudonym?! _1

Translator: 549690339

“Take care- Welcome to come again-”

Xu Ran warmly saw off Qin Can, then looked at the hanging clock on the wall and quickly closed the shop door.

Perfect timing, after all the fumbling, it was time to close for the day.

“So now…” He turned to look at the Three Little Ones, his face quickly becoming serious, “Are you ready?”

“Meow-” (Ready!) @@novelbin@@

“Xi Lu~” (Ready!)

“Charming!” (Ready!)

The eyes of the Three Little Ones shone as they responded in unison.

Is it starting?

The long-awaited resource allocation!

“First, well distribute resources.” Xu Ran took a deep breath, “Once we’ve improved our strength after resource allocation, well go to the Beast Trainer Rankings together.”

“The sooner we advertise, the better!”

With that, he started checking the three consecutive ten draws he made earlier.

There were four purple items, one of which was a Talent Skill Fusion Stone, one was a Meditation Acceleration Card, and the remaining two were Three-Star Skill Scrolls.

In addition to that, there were twenty-four skill fusion stones and two Energy Abundant Potions.

Good timing, the previous Meditation Acceleration Card was about to expire, so he renewed it.

After checking everything, Xu Ran pulled out a brand-new blackboard and chalk from his side.

This was also part of the system’s renovation.

Seeing the long-awaited “divine tools”, the Three Little Ones’ eyes were full of anticipation.

Xu Ran was not one to tease, he quickly wrote down the currently available resources to allocate.

“Physical Points: 4566 points (Undistributed)”

“Skill Points: 3390 points (Undistributed)”

“Skill Fragments: 7 (Star) + 41 (Undistributed)”

“Teachable Skills: ★ ★★ Earth Shaking Roar (Undistributed)”

“Skill Fusion Stones: 3 (Ziyun) + 2 (Star) + 24 (Undistributed)”

“Talent Skill Fusion Stones: 2 (Undistributed)”

“Energy Abundant Potion: 2 bottles (Undistributed)”

“Beast Master Points: 6384 points (Undistributed)”

“Three Star Skill Scrolls: 2 pieces (Undistributed)”

The eyes of the Three Little Ones fell on the teachable Three-Star Skills, and then Ziyun and Starfire looked at Cancan in synchrony.

Without a doubt, this skill was the Earth attribute Three-Star Skill they just obtained from the Earth Roaring Rhino.

“Charming!” (I want this skill!)

Expectation filled Cancan’s eyes.

There was yet to be a Pet Beast that had a Three-Star Skill fusion in the team, so Cancan would be the first in the team to step up!

“The total value of all resources is 23250, and each of you will get 7750.” Xu Ran paused a moment, “Ziyun previously had a balance of 1000 value points, while Starfire and Cancan each had 0.”

“The distribution can begin.”

The moment Xu Ran’s words fell, Cancan turned to look at Ziyun and Starfire.

What goes around comes around!

The Beast Master Points earned by picking up trash need to be repaid!

I, Cancan, am going for a super upgrade this round!

Seeing Cancan’s sparkly eyes, both Ziyun and Starfire revealed helpless expressions, especially Starfire. It finally got over seven thousand value points, but after paying back the over five thousand value points it owed, it was left with just over two thousand.

But the debt that needed to be repaid had to be paid off.

Ziyun and Starfire owed Cancan 3180 and 5030 value points respectively. After the debt was paid, the nearly equal wealth status of the Three Little Ones rapidly diverged.

Ziyun: 5570 Value Points

Starfire: 2720 Value Points

Cancan: 15960 Value Points

“Xi Lu~” (Wu wu wu-)

Looking at its remaining value points, Starfire shed tears of unwillingness.

There was a time when it was the richest beast in the team, and both Ziyun and Cancan had borrowed money from it.

Who would have thought that the tide would turn, and it would fall into such a state today.

Suddenly, its eyes widened.

Starfire realised the reason why it had suddenly become poor recently.

That rock!

The rock it used to keep accounts was left in the underground level of the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City.

It became so poor because it no longer had the rock!

Next time it returns to Qingzhou City, it must remember to bring the rock to Xieyun City, and sleep with it every day!

Quietly noting this, Starfire turned its head to look at the blackboard and took the initiative to speak first.

“Xi Lu~” (I need a Three-Star Skill Scroll!)

Putting aside the Immortal Star Attraction for the time being, Starfire wanted to upgrade Reduction to Three-Star and then find a way to fuse it with one of its Talent Skills.

Ziyun glanced at Cancan and then spoke sombrely.

“Meow-” (I want the other Three-Star Skill Scroll!)

“Charming!” (I want the Earth Shaking Roar!)

Cancan did not compete with Ziyun and Starfire for the Three-Star Skill Scroll. Considering that the only skill it needed to upgrade was Burrowing, it decided to wait until the next round of resource allocation.

Its main goal now was the Three-Star Skill that belongs to it!

After determining the target to be redeemed, Cancan turned to look at Xu Ran.

“Charming?” (Which skill can Earth Shaking Roar fuse with?)

“It can fuse with Earth-shattering Skyfall.” Xu Ran said while selecting these two skills to enter the fusion interface.

[★★★Earth Shaking Roar]+[***Earth-shattering Skyfall]

[Fusion Success Rate: 1.2%]

[Proceed with fusion?]

[Yes][No]

The success rate of Three-Star Skill fusions is significantly lower than that of Two-Star Skills, almost on par with the success rate of Three Two-Star Skill fusions.

However, Cancan’s firm gaze had already made it clear that it was determined.

So…

[★★★Earth-shattering Skyfall (Waning Moon Level)] (453/2000) [+]

[★★★Earthquake and Sky Collapse (Waning Moon Level)] (453/2000) [+]