Chapter 285 - 177: The Second Lucky Fish?_L

Chapter 177: The Second Lucky Fish?_l

Translator: 549690339

“Moo ”

The strange sound coming from the grooming room caused Qin Can, who was watching TV while snacking, to pause for a moment.

He turned his head towards Ye Haoming, who was still munching away with a ‘crunch crunch’ sound, “Did you hear any weird noise?”

“Huh?” Ye Haoming paused, then perked up his ears attentively towards the direction of the grooming room.

After a long while without hearing anything, Ye Haoming shook his head, “Maybe you misheard?”

“Maybe.” Qin Can glanced at Ye Haoming.

Since Ye Haoming, the Beast Master, said so, he didn’t insist otherwise.

However…

Qin Can couldn’t help but glanced again in the direction of the grooming room.

The strange noise from earlier, wasn’t it something a Flame Barbarian Bull would make?

Does Xu Ran’s grooming… have any problems?

Forget it, they would see the condition of the Flame Barbarian Bull when it comes out later.

If there’s something wrong with the Flame Barbarian Bull, he can use this situation to save some money as his conscience dictates.

Time passed slowly. Soon, the door of the grooming room was opened.

Qin Can and Ye Haoming both stopped what they were doing and looked over.

In the opened door of the grooming room, a mountainous figure stepped out slowly under the guidance of Xu Ran.

It was a powerful bull, its entire body covered with red fur as if it was on fire, sporting two bloody horns on its head, and a tail that was ablaze with dazzling golden-red fire. The gorgeous color of sunset shone all around under the lighting.

Above its robust frame, the overwhelming power was visible to the naked eyes. Seeing his pet beast, Ye Haoming’s mouth gaped open, eyes wide in disbelief. He considered himself a competent Beast Master who took great care of his pet beasts, often bringing them for grooming to what he had previously mentioned, the best pet beast foster shop in Xieyun City.

But he had never seen such an impressive grooming effect before. It was as though his pet beast had transformed entirely. The difference between it changing from an Iron Axe to a Silver Axe and a Gold Axe, is substantial.

In this moment, a thought crept into Ye Haoming’s mind.

The grooming price of 66666 is simply too worth it…

However, the very next moment, he remembered the reason for his visit.

He came… to cause trouble, right?@@novelbin@@

“Are you satisfied with the result?” Xu Ran asked with a smile.

“Wait a moment, let me check…” Ye Haoming circled the Flame Barbarian Bull a few times and couldn’t find a single fault. He scratched his head anxiously, “It shouldn’t be like this…”

“Haoming-” A soft voice came from behind Ye Haoming.

Qin Can walked up with a chuckle, patting Ye Haoming’s shoulder, “Can I have a word with you?”

“Sure.” Ye Haoming nodded, took one last glance at Xu Ran, and followed Qin Can temporarily out of the foster shop.

Outside the shop, the two of them huddled their heads together again.

“Have you found any faults with Xu Ran’s method?” Qin Can asked.

“No.” Ye Haoming shook his head, his voice tinged with disappointment, “It shouldn’t be like this? Why does his grooming…”

“Why does his grooming have no flaws?” Qin Can continued for Ye Haoming, a smile sneaking onto his face, “Trust me, there’s nothing in this world without flaws. His grooming method definitely has its disadvantages, but you just haven’t noticed them yet.”

“You mean…” Ye Haoming blinked.

“That’s right, I have already noticed some clues.” Qin Can paused for a moment, “You don’t want your pet beast to continue being groomed, and don’t want to keep giving money to Xu Ran for no reason right?”

“Yes!” Ye Haoming, driven by Qin Can’s logic, nodded subconsciously.

“In that case, let me reluctantly help you find his weaknesses.” Qin Can put on a righteous expression, “Let me handle the next grooming session!”

“Then… thanks?” Ye Haoming scratched his head, feeling a bit familiar with this situation.

“You’re welcome, I’m just doing what I should.” Qin Can smiled faintly, patting Ye Haoming on the shoulder, “If you really want to thank me, just cover the grooming cost for me.”

“…Okay.” As he watched Qin Can stride into the foster shop, Ye Haoming couldn’t help drawing a cold breath.

Something’s wrong!

This is very wrong!

This guy, he’s really just trying to use my money to find faults in Xu Ran’s grooming, isn’t he?

Isn’t this just giving money to Xu Ran?

“Wait! You…”

Watching Qin Can quickly summon his pet beast and follow Xu Ran into the grooming room, a now sober Ye Haoming ran in after him, only to be greeted by the closed grooming room door.

“Huh?”

“This is…”

As he stepped into the grooming room, Qin Can’s pupils shrank to pinpricks. He looked around in shock, then turned to Xu Ran, a strange look in his eyes, “Space Expansion Technology?”

“Correct.” Xu Ran nodded, with a calm expression, “To better utilize space and provide our pet beasts with superior service, our shop employs Space Expansion Technology. The actual space is larger than it appears.”

“Just a bit larger?” Qin Can twitched the corner of his mouth.

He was always the one showing off in front of others, he didn’t expect the tables to be turned this time.

Even he, who was regarded as the most talented young Beast Master in the Second Level Town, did not have such deep pockets to open a shop with Space Expansion Technology.

This guy from a 3 Level Town… he isn’t as simple as he seems on the surface.

“Regardless, groom my Earth Roaring Rhino first.” Inhaling deeply, Qin Can pointed at his beast that was standing beside him, the Earth Roaring Rhino, whose size exceeded even that of the Flame Barbarian Bull by a circle, almost reaching the upper limit of a large pet beast..