Chapter 299 - 184:1, Can Aotian, Taking Off From The Ground!_L

Chapter 299: Chapter 184:1, Can Aotian, Taking off from the Ground!_l

Translator: 549690339

“This is the Defense Power List.”

Under the guidance of Yu Changming, Xu Ran and his three pet beasts arrived in front of another leaderboard.

Xu Ran glanced back, at this time, many people were still gathered around the speed chart and the C23 test area, not a single person was before the Defensive list.

Good.

He shifted his attention back to the leaderboard in front of him, the first text he saw was an eye-catching line at the top of the list.

“Current Leader Stage Pet Beast Defense Power List”

Underneath this line was the one with the highest defense power.

“1st Place, Xu Chao, Steel Shield Dog, Defense Power: 61232”

Over sixty thousand defense power…

Xu Ran touched his chin.

By comparison, it seemed that the standards given by the Beast Master Association for defense power and combat power are the same. It was unclear what these standards were exactly.

He looked at Cancan who was eager to try and pointed at the inscription at the bottom of the leaderboard with a smile, “You can go to the C07 test field on your own.”

“Just like with Star, I’ll summon you back later.”

“Charming!” (Understood!)

Cancan nodded with a serious expression, then strode boldly towards the corresponding test field with a high spirit.

Defense, was the area it was best at.

Pay attention to this!

This time, it must make the Historical Rankings and gain Beast Master Points!

After sending off Cancan, Xu Ran refocused on the list and a somewhat familiar name came into his view.

“3rd Place, Shang Xin, Ground Beast, Defense Power: 57339”

“This Shang Xin…” Xu Ran started hesitantly, “Didn’t I see her name on the leaderboard before?”

“Haha, your Panlong turtle pushed her down to the 18th place in the Combat Power List.” Yu Changming laughed, “If you can surpass her ranking this time, that would be a second victory.”

“Ah, well…”

Xu Ran scratched his head, estimating Cancan’s defense.

“Maybe… there might be a possibility?”

“Charming!” (I’m ready!)

After the previous tester completed the test, Cancan stepped quickly into the test area, raising its head high, its eyes filled with anticipation.

Before entering, it had read the specifics about the Defense Power test.

Unlike other tests, the Defense Power test has two sections.

One is the Defensive Power test against Attribute Resistances, the other is the Defensive Power test when faced with suppressed attributes.

In other words, Cancan was going to face a thunder attribute attack first, followed by a wind attack, and the final score would be based on its ability to defend under these two extreme conditions.

Wind attack, Cancan wasn’t very familiar with.

But the thunder attribute, it was extremely familiar with.

With a fighting spirit surging in its eyes, Cancan looked at the prompt for the test to start, let out a roar, and then rapidly expanded, creating a gust of wind around it.

Amidst the smoke and dust, Cancan, now the size of a 700 meter giant beast, emitted a yellow glow around its body, with the illusion of a dragon turtle flashing occasionally in the sky.

It had already adjusted itself to peak condition by consecutively casting Jiezimixu, Dragon Turtle’s Power, and Echoing of Earth Vein.

A stream of lightning, roughly the thickness of a man’s arm, emerged from the void, then struck down violently towards Cancan’s body, touching a scale on Cancan’s shoulder with a sharp “zip” sound before…

Scraping the scales.

Seeing such an attack, Cancan’s eyes flashed with contempt.

That’s it? Any casual strike from Ziyun was stronger than this, right?

“Charming!” (Make it stronger!)

Cancan roared to the sky, starting to taunt the testing equipment.

The next moment, it was dumbfounded.

Dense lightning flashed around, forming a large thunderball that enclosed it.

Looking at the thousands of light points on the surface of the thunderball growing brighter, Cancan couldn’t help but swallow.

No way…

Isn’t the appetizer a little lighter compared to the main course?

It didn’t dare to show off now, it immediately covered its body surface with a thick layer of mud as if it had rolled around in a thick mud pond.

But this soft mud felt inexplicably unshakeable.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level, Giving Body to Fertile Soil!

Although it was Waning Moon Level, with Full Moon Level proficiency under Echoing of Earth Vein boosting, the protective power of Giving Body to Fertile Soil was already infinitely close to the Full Moon Level. Combined with Cancan’s escalating power, it gave a sense of being invincible.

The moment Cancan completed the spell, hundreds of bolts of lightning burst out of the thunderball from different positions, each one having similar power to the one it had just faced.

They were like sharp spears, piercing towards the mud around Cancan, then sank like stones in the sea, not stirring up any waves.

The lightning was different from before.

Because of the thunderball, the lightning maintained its power even after initially striking. It drew more power and continued to attack Cancan’s body through the space that had been pierced, as if in a continuous electrocution.

Such electrocution was getting stronger at a speed visible to the naked eye as more and more lightning burst out of the thunderball.

Aware that something was wrong, Cancan put away its contempt. The yellow glow around its body grew brighter, the Echoing of Earth Vein reached its peak, continuously enhancing its own defense power by drawing Earth’s power.

One thousand… two thousand… three thousand… @@novelbin@@

More and more electric lights wreaked havoc around Cancan, like wildly dancing snakes of thunder, trying to pierce through the mud and attack Cancan’s body underneath..