Chapter 292 - 180: Who On Earth Is This Person?!_2

Chapter 292: Chapter 180: Who on earth is this person?!_2

Translator: 549690339

“Meow!” (First surpass the Nine-Shadow Demon Cat, then surpass the Jade Mysterious Azure Dragon!)

The flame of battle within Ziyun’s eyes grows more intense.

With the spirit of a newborn calf not fearing the tiger, it couldn’t wait to start competing in the rankings at this very moment.

“Charming-” (Should I give it a try too?)

Influenced by Ziyun, Cancan had also gained a bit of eagerness to try.

While defense is what it excelled at the most, its attack was not weak either, especially after just integrating an earth attribute output skill, the powerful three-star skill Earthquake and Sky Collapse.

“Xi Lu-‘

1

(I hope there’s a ranking list suited for me!)

Star gave a sigh, its gaze uncontrollably drifting towards the rows and rows of rankings behind them, a hint of anticipation surfacing in its eyes.

It had no hope of making it onto the attack power ranking list.

This ranking list was aimed at individual pet beasts, so it couldn’t even assist Ziyun or Cancan.

But among all these rankings, there must be one suited for it, right?

“Don’t rush, let’s test the waters with this ranking list first.” Xu Ran smiled and turned his head to the middle-aged man beside him. “Uncle, can you tell me where the testing area for the attack power ranking list is?”@@novelbin@@

“It’s marked at the bottom of each list.” The middle-aged uncle pointed to a corner at the bottom of the list.

Below the current list and historical list, the words “C12” were written.

This indicated that the testing area corresponding to the ranking list was in the C12 section.

Xu Ran looked around and quickly found the corresponding place with a prominent sign.

“Thank you, uncle.” He nodded in gratitude towards the middle-aged uncle and then walked towards the testing area with the three little ones.

“Hehe, to be young is truly great.” Looking at the departing Xu Ran, the middle-aged man laughed lightly, then patted his head, “I forgot to ask what his registered name was.”

Although it’s almost impossible for a Beast Master participating in the Beast Master Rankings for the first time to make the list, that young man’s pet beast seemed quite formidable. What if?

“Alright, it’s our turn now.”

After waiting for a while outside the C12 testing area, as the previous tester left, the red light above the entrance turned green again. Xu Ran led the three little ones quickly inside, entering the closed testing area.

There was no staff to guide within the testing area, but there was a detailed process introduction on the promotional image at the entrance. After entering the testing area, Xu Ran stood with Star outside the testing range, looking at the eager Ziyun and Cancan.

“Which one of you two is going first?”

“Meow-” (Go for it!)

Ziyun gave Cancan an encouraging look.

It wanted to observe for a while longer.

“Charming!” (Watch me do it!)

Confident, Cancan strode into the testing range.

In the next moment, the testing program was activated and countless energy converged transcendental beings appeared within the testing range. They were of various races and attributes, and after converging, they just stood in place and did not launch an attack against Cancan.

This was the method for testing attack power.

These energy converged transcendental beings were targets for testing, they had the same defensive power and attribute counter-acting relationships as real transcendental beings, allowing the power of attacks to be calculated from multiple dimensions, obtaining a specific value.

Under the gaze of Xu Ran and Ziyun, and Star, Cancan’s form grew rapidly against the wind.

A hundred meters… three hundred meters… five hundred meters… seven hundred meters!!!

After reaching the Full Moon Level, the capabilities of Jiezimixu to both shrink and grow had improved further. Previously at its limit of five hundred meters, its limit was now seven hundred meters.

Cancan, with its massive size occupying a quarter of the testing area, had its combat power skyrocketing in the process, causing an awe-inspiring storm to envelop the entire field!

If it weren’t for the testing area being closed off, preventing the outside world from being able to see the specifics inside, just this sight alone would be enough to leave many people stunned!

“Charming!”

The sound of Cancan’s excitement echoed throughout the testing area, and an earthy-yellow halo alongside slight tremors of the ground instantly enveloped Cancan.

After the Full Moon Level of Jiezimixu, the Full Moon Level of Echoing of Earth Vein provides another boost to Cancan, amplifying its power and providing additional amplification effects to all earth attribute skills.

In the next moment, an invisible force suddenly erupted from Cancan, sweeping across all directions, causing a golden Dragon Turtle Light Pattern to faintly appear in the void.

The light in Cancan’s pure golden eyes gleamed, the black patterns within them becoming clearer, like an abyss swallowing everything, suppressing its surroundings, and an ever-increasing momentum was emerging in all directions.

Three-star skill, Full Moon Level • Dragon Turtle’s Power!

This powerful three-star skill, which had naturally fused during the evolution process, now completely unleashed its due power when facing a wide range of enemies. For a moment, all energy-form opponents began to tremble as if they were about to collapse.

After three consecutive amplifications, Cancan slowly lifted a forepaw, then slammed it heavily against the ground.

“Boom!!!”

Wild power, with Cancan as the center, swept in all directions. The strength engulfed both the sky and the earth, shattering and annihilating every energy rival in the field.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level’s Earthquake and Sky Collapse!

The testing area made of special material remained undamaged in the process. A moment of silence later, the screen displayed Cancan’s final test results.

“Combat Power: 4.2832.”

“Ah… I haven’t surpassed the current number one in the rankings…” A hint of regret appeared in Cancan’s eyes.

It’s a pity, if the Earthquake and Sky Collapse was leveled up to Full Moon Level, my score could definitely be higher…

In an instant, its initial body size of more than seven hundred meters shrunk to about one meter. It took steps towards Xu Ran and the two little ones.

“You’ve already done great.”

Seeing Cancan’s thoughts, Xu Ran smiled and patted its head, “Your growth stage progress is only at 200,000, there’s still a significant room for improvement.”

“And…” Xu Ran’s voice slightly paused, “This score… seems to have already entered the top twenty.”

“Meow!” (Next, it’s my turn!)

Ziyun’s eyes beaming with anticipation.

Seeing how well Cancan performed, it can’t let the team down.

To be honest, it has been a long time since it has gone full strength, thus it is not sure of its own strength.

“Ding     ”

While Ziyun was preparing to make a move within the testing area, outside it in the Beast Trainer Ranking region, a clear electric bell sounded abruptly.

Those silently discussing the rankings around the field instantly stopped their ongoing activities, looking around.

Their gaze then locked onto one of the flashing light rankings.

“It’s the current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Combat Power List!”

No one knows who shouted first, and right after that, others appeared in front of that list at an apace. Their eyes fixated on the ranking on the electronic screen.

Whenever there is a change in the rankings, such an electric bell would sound, and the ranking with flashing lights is the one undergoing changes.

Despite the bell ringing several times daily with so many Beast Masters in Xieyun City, the onlooking crowd was still excited, embracing any ranking changes with great enthusiasm.

Under everyone’s gaze, the name ranked 500th started glowing first, indicating that there will be changes in his ranking.

“It’s Jiang Tao, he is going to break into the ranks?”

One of the spectators recognized this Beast Master ranked 500th and guessed.

“Jiang Tao didn’t come today, it’s impossible for him to break into the rank.” Another one quickly denied, “It’s a newcomer coming onto the list, pushing him down!”

A newcomer!

The spectators’ eyes became interested.

This is an interesting topic of conversation.

The names of several famous Leadership Level Beast Masters in Xieyun City who are not yet on the list flashed in their minds.

Who could it be?

As expected, Jiang Tao’s name disappeared from the list.

However, the next moment, everyone’s expressions changed simultaneously.

That’s because almost all the names on the list lit up at this moment.

From 499th place all the way up to 18th place!

Then, to the astonished spectators, those 482 glowing names all moved back a place simultaneously.

A new name, shining with dazzling light, appeared in the 18th place!

This is…a drop-in!!!

Amidst the spectators’ commotion, that name gradually became clearer.

When their names became clear, the expressions on the spectators’ faces all came to a halt.

“18th place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Panlong Turtle, Combat Power: 42832.”

This pseudonym…

Who exactly is this person?!