Chapter 290 - 179:You Ca^ T^*S A Pseudonym?! _2

Chapter 290: Chapter 179:

You Ca

^

T

^*

s a

Pseudonym?! _2

Translator: 549690339

Eight fusion stones were thrown into the mix, resulting in the team’s first successful three-star skill fusion!

“Charming!” (This skill is good…so good…)

Feeling the emergence of a brand-new skill memory in her mind, Cancan’s eyes suddenly widened.

■’What’S so good?” Xu Ran, looking at the momentarily lost for words Cancan, curiously asked, “How’s the new skill?”

■■Charming-” (It seems like there’s no change… just an increase in power and a larger range…)

After experiencing the effects of the new skill, Cancan showed a look of surprise.

“Hmm…” Xu Ran scratched his chin.

The previous skill fusion, the new skill would always change to some extent, integrating aspects of multiple skills.

This time’s skill fusion, it only enhances power?

Could it be because these two skills were already extremely similar?

“NO matter what, an increase in power and attack range is good.” Xu Ran scratched Cancan’s head to comfort her.

■■Merging just two three-star skills is so difficult, I don’t know how many three-star skills are needed to fuse into a four-star skill.” He shookhts head helplessly, looking towards Ziyun and Star, “Where do you want to use your skill scrolls?”

“Xi Lu-” (Reduction!)

Star let out a cry, its eyes filled with anticipation.

Previously, Cancan directly upgraded Reduction with a three-star skill scroll to obtain Jiezimixu. If everything went as expected, it should get the same skill.

With this, could it also become bigger like Cancan?

Thinking of this, anticipation filled Star’s eyes.

If it, as the team’s support core, had increased power by sacrificing speed and agility when enlarged, it would improve support for the entire team.

This sounds very promising!

“Ok.” What Star had thought of, Xu Ran naturally thought of too. He nodded without hesitation and used the three-star skill scroll on Star.

But the next moment, both pet and owner were dumbfounded.

Reduction didn’t ‘star-up’ as they had expected.

[★Reduction (Waning Moon Level)) (125/2000) [+]

Hl

[★★★Gap Flow Shuttle (Waning Moon Level)] (125/2000) [+]

“Isn’t the star-up of the three-star skill scroll fixed?” Xu Ran was surprised, then looked at Star, who was comprehending the new skill, “How do you feel?

What’s the effect of the new skill?”

“Xi Lu…” (I feel…)

Star’s eyes, like purple crystals, gradually brightened.

Although it wasn’t the skill it expected, this new skill was more in line with its needs to some extent!

-Xi Lu!” (This skill can only reduce size, but after reduction, speed can be significantly increased!)

-Meow?” (Isn’t this just half of Jiezimixu?)

Ziyun, who was beside them, curiously asked.

“Xi Lu!” (It’s not the same!)

Star quickly shook its head, then started explaining the differences between the two.

Jiezimixu can reduce size to increase speed and agility, but the drawback is that it sacrifices power.

Whereas Gap Flow Shuttle can increase speed and agility without reducing power!

This skill purely boosts speed and agility, if there is any side effect, it’s probably reduction in size after casting.

Star, already capable in speed, will boost its speed to a terrifying level with

Moon Concealment Star Racing and Gap Flow Shuttle.

■■The effect of Reduction turned into a side effect of the new skill…” Xu Ran rubbed his chin, his expression becoming a bit strange, “Star-up of a skill,

really is wonderful.”

“Meow-” (Indeed.)

Ziyun, who was next to him, nodded in agreement.

Originally, it wanted to use the three-star skill scroll on Superfast Self-healing, but now that it knew that Reduction star-up might produce other skills, it also wanted to give it a try.

“Meow!” (I’m using it on Reduction too!)

“Ok.” Xu Ran smiled.

He too wanted to see what kind of surprise a simple reduction could bring. @@novelbin@@

Three-star skill scroll, use!

[★Reduction (Waning Moon Level)] (197/2000) [+]

1U

[★★★Martial Arts Specialization (Waning Moon Level)] (197/2000) [+]

Another new skill?

An intrigued expression appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

What will be the effect of this skill?

“Meow?!” (This skill?!)

Upon experiencing the skill’s effect, Ziyun shot his eyes wide open, his face painted with an expression of delight.

“What’s the effect?” Xu Ran asked hastily.

“Meow…” (The effect of this skill is…)

After listening to Ziyun’s explanation, Xu Ran and the other two little ones began to pull strange faces.

Martial Arts Specialization is a fighting attribute skill.

Its effect is simple: it adjusts the entire body or a part of it to make oneself more combat-ready.

This adjustment includes enlarging, reducing, and changing shape.

As a three-star skill, this is not all it can do.

The more amazing aspect lies in the word “specialization .

As Ziyun changes its shape, it can also confer corresponding enhancements. Enlarging can impart greater weight and power: shrinking can confer lightly and more agility: turning claws into blades can provide a slashing effect of the blade: transforming the tail into a whip can give the flexibility of the whip…

This skill closely relates to reduction, but it also seems unrelated.

“According to the skill’s effect…” Xu Ran stroked his chin, his eyes lighting up with expectation as a thought struck him.

He grabbed Ziyun’s tail, “Can you turn it into a knife?”

Ziyun:”???”

Eventually, Ziyun did not turn into a knife.

According to her, the Waning Moon Level of Martial Arts Specialization is not yet able to perform that degree of specialization, neither is the Full Moon

Level.

The Halo Level that is above the Full Moon Level may be possible.

This made Xu Ran temporarily drop this adolescent idea.

Afterward, the three little ones continued to divide the resources.

Cancan used 8 skill fusion stones, the remaining 16 were split evenly between Ziyun and Star, neither of them chose to use them immediately. After witnessing the difficulty of Cancan’s three-star skill fusion, they needed to be more prepared.

After exchanging the skill fusion stones and three-star skill scrolls, Star had only three digits left of value points. Knowing it couldn’t exchange much, it chose to swap the remaining value points for Beast Master Points.

Ziyun, the only one among the three little ones who didn’t have a cruising skill, opted for two bottles of the Energy Abundant Potion, and the remaining value points were also exchanged for points.

After all, upon reaching Xieyun City, there are too many valuable things that can be exchanged for points.

Finally, the evolution completed, Cancan, who lagged behind Ziyun and Star in all respects, happily accepted all the physical points, skill points and skill fragments of its junk collection money. Finally, it had a balance of 2000 value points, and it did not exchange the talent skill fusion stone.

Before this, the Echoing of Earth Vein, which Cancan had reached near the Full Moon level half a month ago, had been improved to the Full Moon level through its training efforts. Now that more than 3,000 skill points have been dropped, Jiezimixu and Dragon Turtle’s Power have successively reached the

Full Moon Level.

The more than 4000 physical points also brought it one step closer to Ziyun and Star.

“Next, we’ll prepare to set off.” Xu Ran glanced at the slowly setting sun, “Let’s go see that Beast Trainer Ranking that Qin Can talked about.

The three little ones, whose strength had once again increased, nodded unanimously.

It’s the right time. Their current strength needed an opportunity to be displayed.

The quickly agreed upon host and his three pets set off straight away, and after asking along the way, they soon arrived at the location of the Beast Trainer Championship.

Although built by the Xieyun City Beast Master Association, the Beast Trainer Rankings were located on the other side of Xieyun city, a gigantic hollow venue that was stacked with countless small chambers like bubbles.

In the middle of the venue, rows of giant electronic screens up to a hundred meters tall were constantly displaying the rankings to the public. Those various ranking information details.

Even though it was already twilight, Xu Ran could still see many shadows in front of the rankings.

“Let’s go, we’re going to sign up.”

He had already spotted the sign-up station at the grand entrance of the venue. After verifying his Beast Master’s identity, the staff member looked up at Xu Ran, “Have you never challenged the Beast Trainer Rankings before?”

“Yes.”

“Then you can choose to use your real name or pseudonym for the challenge.” Xu Ran:”!!!”

“I can use a pseudonym?” An expression of surprise and delight appeared on his face.

“Of course, some Beast Masters don’t want to reveal their names.” The staff member smiled, “It’s quite common.”

“Then I choose to use a pseudonym!” Xu Ran laughed, accepting the pen and paper and quickly scribbling down a few characters, “This, thank you.” After handing back the piece of paper, Xu Ran walked straight in with the three little ones, leaving behind the stunned staff member looking at the paper.

“The pseudonym is…Starfire Foster Care Shop?!