Chapter 296 - 182: Star’S Speed_2

Chapter 296: Chapter 182: Star’s Speed_2

Translator: 549690339 |

“No need.” Xu Ran pointed to the leaderboard in front of him, a look of trust appearing on his face, “At this time, we as partners should wait in front of the leaderboard to see the refresh as soon as possible.”

“I see.” Yu Changming seemed to understand something and a smile appeared on his face, “So while waiting for your pet beast to be tested, would you mind if I asked you a few questions?”

“Of course not.” Xu Ran shook his head, revealing a sincere smile, “On the contrary, I’m quite looking forward to it.”

The influence of the Extract Cloud Beastmaster Report was unknown, but it shouldn’t be too low.

The appearance of the name Starfire Foster Care Shop would certainly be a great help in completing the main task 3.

He must cooperate wholeheartedly with this opportunity.

Hearing Xu Ran’s reply, the smile on Yu Changming’s face deepened.

The Beast Masters he had interviewed in the past were quite impatient about this, only Xu Ran cooperated so well, using words like “looking forward to it” to encourage him. What a humble and noble youth he was.

He must write a few good words for him in the report.

Yu Changming, whose impression of Xu Ran was excellent, secretly decided, and then asked the first question which had been puzzling him, “Why is your pseudonym so strange, it seems to be a… store name?”

Here it comes!

Xu Ran’s smile deepened, “Starfire Foster Care Shop is a shop I just opened, providing washing and companion training services for pet beasts of super-large size and below, and king stage and below…”

Hearing Xu Ran’s eloquent introduction, which seemed to have been rehearsed countless times without any hitches, Yu Changming’s face was slightly taken aback, “…huh?”

“Xi Lu Lu~” (Is it my turn?)

Star neighed and patiently waited for the previous Beast Master and his pet beast to leave the C23 test site, then rushed towards the entrance.

Even without Xu Ran accompanying him,

Star was confident that he could easily handle the rules of the test, which he had seen outside the entrance.

After touching the Beast Master Badge of Xu Ran at the scanning area and completing the entry according to the steps in the previous C12 test, Star entered the testing ground alone under the slightly strange gaze of other Beast Masters and pet beasts.

It was clear that the Xieyun City Beast Master Association had invested a lot of resources in the construction of the Beast Trainer Ranking. Each test site looked the same size, but depending on the function, there were different interiors.

This was the real Space Expansion technique. Every inch of space created was valuable. Only Cloud City, whose city lord had reached the Emperor Level, had the confidence to use it extensively.

The characteristic of the previous C12 area was large, while the characteristic of the current C23 area was long.

It was a winding track, five kilometers long.

The test for the Speed Chart did not require running from the start to the finish. The pet beast could stop at any time during this course, and the highest instantaneous speed before stopping would be the pet beast’s score.

In other words, even if this speed only lasted for an instant, it could also be included in the final score.

This made Star, who was blessed with the Heart of Eternal Night and had a full battery life, feel a bit regretful.

Such a test didn’t seem to fully exploit his advantages. @@novelbin@@

However…

Since he’s here…

A battle spirit emerged in Star’s eyes, which were as purple as crystal.

Breaking the sound barrier?

He had a feeling.

When he fully used the Gap Flow Shuttle, he might be able to do it.

So, let’s run!

Star forcefully stepped on the ground with his four hooves. As a born runner, he quickly regained the rhythm of running, feeling the rushing wind around him with his powerful body.

This is not enough! This is just the start!

With his eyes as purple as crystal fixed on the front, Star was quietly cloaked in a smoky, dark force, like a cloak belonging to a child of the night.

In the escalating momentum, Star’s speed continued to rise visibly and kept increasing.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level-Heart of Eternal Night!

“Tap ”

Accompanying a loud sound of a hooves hitting the ground, Star, who had just leaped in the air, seemed to have entered another world in the next instant— his figure faintly translucent, and his aura vanished.

In the blurry light and shadow, Star was cloaked in the cloak of the night, like a ghost in the dark, his speed suddenly increased, so fast that only a blurry outline was left.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level Moon Concealment Star Racing!

So now…

Facing the howling wind, Star’s eyes became sharper.

Let me see, the effect of the Gap Flow Shuttle!

His body gradually shrank while sprinting, as if he had entered Doraemon’s Gulliver’s tunnel, the blurred light and shadow shrinking at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Three meters… two meters… one meter…

Star’s figure became increasingly tiny, even smaller than a newly born little horse, yet its speed surged frighteningly as its body shrank.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level – Gap Flow Shuttle!

“Boom… Boom… Boom…”

The deafening boom echoed in Star’s ears. The increasingly intense gale formed an impervious barrier, blocking Star’s path.

It was getting closer, inching towards the speed of sound!

Star’s eyes became even more fierce.

Its body continued to shrink, to the point where it seemed like it could be easily lifted by a single hand. And yet, its speed reached a mind-boggling level.

In a sudden moment, Star felt that the fierce wind barrier in front had been shattered and the deep booms could no longer be heard in its surroundings.

It seemed as if it had entered a silent world, suddenly transitioning from extreme noise to tranquillity.

Bright light emanated from the single horn on its forehead, illuminating everything around it.

Even though there were no illusions that needed to be dissipated, Star wanted to shine brightly at this moment!

“Thud…!”

At last, Star stopped at the finish line of the runway.

In front of it, the screen displayed its test results after a moment of silence.

“Speed: 459.1m/s”

This was…

Star’s speed!

“Ding…!”

Hearing the bell sound all of a sudden, Xu Ran and Yu Changming temporarily halted their interview.

“What is this sound?” Having heard the bell for the first time, Xu Ran looked curious. He then looked at the flickering Velocity Chart of the current Leadership Stage Pet Beasts in front of him, “is this the notification sound for ranking changes?”

“Indeed,” Yu Changming nodded.

There was still plenty on his mind, the few simple Q&A just now had uncovered a vast amount of information.

“So that’s why so many people were crowding around the rankings when I was climbing up just now,” Xu Ran realized, “a ranking change sure makes a big fuss, doesn’t it?”

“This is nothing,” Yu Changming shook his head, pointing at the pillar of light erupting from the Historical Rankings beside them, “now this is a big commotion.”

“Made it into the Historical Rankings?” A smile appeared on Xu Ran’s face, “Looks like I’m going to receive Beast Master Points as a reward again.”

While the rankings hadn’t started to shift yet, Xu Ran quickly scanned the placements on the Historical Rankings.

Liu Pei, who was currently in first place, had also made it into the top ten of the Historical Rankings, sitting at ninth. It seemed that he was not a simple character either.

Yet, the one who truly outshined them was no other than the number one on the Historical Records.

“First place, FangCanghai, Speedy Winged Kite, Speed: 5O3.4m/s”

“Once again, Chairman Fang is first.” Xu Ran clicked his tongue, his curiosity about the prodigy he had never met growing.

“You’ll see plenty more later.” Yu Changming laughed, “Let’s not talk anymore, the ranking has started to move!”

While the two were conversating, the crowd had already started gathering in front of the rankings, their eyes fixed on the two lists, filled with chatter.

The current chart was the first to see a change in rankings, instantly drawing everyone’s gaze.

The one in 500th place lit up, and then disappeared from the list.

Seeing this familiar scene, the crowd’s expressions subtly changed.

Could it be that one again…

Before they could finish their thoughts, the following change on the chart left everyone wide-eyed.

All of the names on the list, from position 1 to 499, lit up and then all moved down one place. A new name took the spot originally held by the one in first place.

“First Place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Star God Horse, Speed: 4591 m/s”

This was…

A leap to first place!!!

Have been very busy these past few days and my daily routine has been quite erratic. I will adjust it and stop here for today, will make it up with two chapters over the weekend..