Chapter 297 - 183: Cancan’S Ambition L

Chapter 297: Chapter 183: Cancan’s Ambition l

Translator: 549690339

The current ranking…first?

Looking at this suddenly appeared name, the entire crowd was astonished.

It’s him again!

It’s that mysterious Beast Master called the Starfire Foster Shop again!

This guy didn’t even test the combat power of his third pet beast and changed the ranking while everyone was anxiously waiting. He caught everyone off guard so that until now, not many people knew his true identity.

And this time, his results are even more amazing than before.

Previously, Liu Pei, who ranked first on the current list, had his Pet Beast, the Wind Ostrich, breaking through the speed of four hundred, which was a very astonishing result. It could enter the top ten in Historical Rankings, which was very rare.

Quite a few people speculated that when Liu Pei becomes stronger and can’t keep his current ranking, his Historical Ranking would probably enter the top three.

And now, the Beast Master who seemed difficult to surpass has been parachuted above, and, the score exceeded by a large chunk!

“Quick, look at the Historical Rankings!”

Someone shouted, and the others surprised by this quickly regained their senses and shifted their gazes towards the Historical Rankings.

After the changes in the current rankings, the Historical Ranking also began to change.

Everyone who had seen the results of the mysterious Beast Master was not interested in the 500th place of the Historical Ranking which was about to disappear.

They all turned their eyes to the third person on the Historical Ranking.

“Third place, Qin Yue, Gale Dragon, Speed: 458.7m/s.”

The mysterious Beast Master who just appeared… he’s taking her spot!

“It’s Qin Yue!” Someone in the crowd murmured, “She was a real demon, always at the top of the Velocity Chart before descending from the rankings a few years ago, and now she’s scored on the Suai Stage Rankings.”

“This Qin Yue is known for her hot temper. Now that the mysterious ‘Starfire Foster Shop’ took her place in the Historical Rankings, she might be looking for trouble.”

“Speaking of, I still have no idea who this ‘Starfire Foster Shop’ Beast Master is.”

“This time I won’t be fooled anymore, I’m going to block him in C23!”

II II

Xu Ran heard what others were saying in the crowd, and his expression became strange.

“Young friend Xu Ran, are you planning to reveal your identity?” Yu Changming laughingly asked.

After a previous conversation with Xu Ran, Yu Changming had learned a lot about him and realized that he had misunderstood him before.

That’s why the young man was so proactive in his interview — he wanted his shop to be known by more people…

It doesn’t matter, it was a win-win situation.

In Yu Changming’s view, Xu Ran used his shop’s name as a pseudonym, ostensibly also to increase the fame of the shop.

In this case, not confessing his identity could be a good idea.

People love exploring unknowns, and this could generate a bigger discussion.

“Hmm…” Xu Ran hesitated for a moment, then shook his head slightly. “Let’s not reveal it for now.”

According to others, if he took the ranking from Qin Yue, who was a General Level Beast Master, he might get in trouble.

General Level, like Senior Gu’s power.

When the wind is high, play it safe!

He quickly contacted Star through Contractual Sensing, telling it to not come out in a hurry, and he’d find a chance to summon it back later.

“My young friend Xu Ran is indeed a wise man.” Yu Changming nodded in agreement, smiling.

Xu Ran, who was still explaining the situation to Star, looked up blankly.

“Huh?”

“Bang-” @@novelbin@@

Accompanied by a deep closing of the door, the house shook violently.

Qin Can came down from upstairs, looking surprised at the woman changing shoes by the door, “Sis, you’re back early?”

“Hmm.” The woman finished changing into the indoor slippers, lifted her head and revealed a bright and beautiful face under the light. The features similar to Qin Can reflected the superior genes of their parents.

However, the next moment, the woman leaped up quickly like a kangaroo, pounced on Qin Can, and threw him over her shoulder. His handsome face made a close encounter with the ground, and a hint of fierceness appeared in those cat-like eyes.

“I heard, you little bastard, lost to a Level 3 city Beast Master?”

“Sis! It hurts! It hurts!” Qin Can yelled helplessly, “That’s old news, seriously!”

“Old news?” Qin Yue snorted lightly, let go of Qin Can, moved her foot off his butt, “I’ve been out for a month, and I come back to this news. Qin Can, aren’t you embarrassed?”

“It’s not entirely my fault.” Qin Can stood up rubbing his back, “That guy’s really strong and mysterious. The Level 3 city is definitely a smokescreen.”

“You’ll see when you check it out.”

“What’s so interesting about a Leadership Level Beast Master?” Qin Yue leisurely stretched on the couch, “I’ve been out on a mission outside the city for a whole month, I’m not interested in this petty news.”

“A whole month!” Qin Yue held up her middle finger, “Do you know how I spent this month? Huh?”

“This time I came home, I’ll rest for at least two months, there’s no way I’m leaving the city again!” Qin Yue vowed and then glanced at Qin Can, “By the way, is there any money left on my Beast Washing Foster Shop’s washing and protection card?”