Chapter 293 - 181: Ziyun Breaking Into The

Chapter 293: Chapter 181: Ziyun breaking into the

Historical Rankings!_1

Translator: 549690339 I

“Hiss     ”

Standing right at the front of the crowd since the beginning, a middle-aged man couldn’t help but suck in a breath of cold air upon looking in the direction of C12 area.

Though several Beast Masters had gone in for testing in the C12 area just moments ago, for some reason the image of the young man who had asked him a question earlier sprang to mind.

It couldn’t be him, could it…

“Old Yu, you recognize this sudden entry bigshot?” a hand tapped on the man’s shoulder from behind.

The man turned around, a small smile on his face, “Old Zhou, you’re here too.”@@novelbin@@

“Yeah, just happened to catch this interesting show.” The bald man known as Old Zhou nodded, “Your expression just now was quite unusual, like you recognize this Starfire Foster…Goodness, this fake name is really ridiculous.” “I have a guess, but I’m not sure if it’s him.” Old Yu shook his head, “It could also be someone else.”

“No matter, let’s go take a look!” Old Zhou pointed at the crowd heading towards C12 area, “That Beast Master must still be in the C12 area, we’ll know who it is once they come out.”

“Let’s not rush.” Old Yu held back Old Zhou, and glanced again at the leaderboard. His voice paused.

“If it’s the person I’m thinking of, there might be more changes to the leaderboard.”

Those three Pet Beasts of that youngster, they all look strong…

“Meow!” (Now it’s my turn!)

Ziyun, standing at the center of the testing area, glanced at the energy body opponents that had gathered around it, a sharp intent to battle shining in its eyes.

The next moment, dazzling electric light erupted from around it.

“Boom!”

Accompanied by the majestic power of thunder surging in Ziyun’s body, as if from nothingness, a low rumbling sound of thunder could be faintly heard.

The formidable power lying below Ziyun’s skin was fully activated at that moment, making its seemingly delicate body emanate heart-stopping energy fluctuations.

After such a long period of training, absorption of resources, and upgrading, Ziyun’s growth stage progress had already exceeded 250,000, nearing perfection in the Leader Stage. Even Star and Cancan were far behind it for now.

As the first Pet Beast contracted by Xu Ran and the team’s principal damage dealer, it had been a while since Ziyun had a proper battle.

But now, after continuous power-ups, it finally had the chance to unleash its full potential!

The blue-purple lightning quietly dyed a layer of scarlet light. Even the fur on Ziyun’s body also faintly shone scarlet.

Its odd-colored pupils were dyed a similar scarlet at that moment. The sharp intent to do battle surged upward with each surge of its strength, slicing skywards!

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level-Scarlet Battle Intent!

“Crackle  ”

Accompanied by a sharp sound of air being pierced through by an electric arc, Ziyun’s figure vanished in an instant, leaving behind only a lingering image made of Thunder.

Its body instantly appeared before the mass of energy body opponents. The long-latent power within its tense body exploded forth like a torrential flood bursting forth from the quiet.

A claw swung forward created waves in the air, as if a massive rock had caused a whirlwind!

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level-Fighting Body!

As the claw descended, its form changed subtly. The bared claws shone with a cold, metallic sheen and appeared larger and more powerful.

Frightening power gathered around Ziyun’s claws and let loose heart-shaking fluctuations.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level-Martial Arts Specialization!

Under the gaze of Xu Ran, Star, and Cancan behind it, Ziyun surged upwards, its peak strength descending in a whoosh.

A moment of silence followed, then terrifying lightning exploded forth, trailing behind it a power like the onset of destruction.

The lightning was like countless shattered blades. The Pet Beast that took the hit was instantly ground to dust, and the residual power surged forth in all directions, shattering hundreds of energy body opponents around them.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level-Destruction Thunder Claw!

“Sure…” (So frightening…)

Cancan, who had been beaten by Ziyun often, she couldn’t help but shrink back, revealing a timid expression on its face.

If this claw lands on it, it doesn’t know if it could handle it.

“Xi Lu~” (Big sis is so powerful.)

In Star’s eyes, a light of admiration could be seen.

On the other hand, Xu Ran wore a gratified smile on his face.

Without realizing it, Ziyun had grown from a starving Stray Cat to such powerful being.

After striking once, Ziyun quickly retreated while its aura uncontrollably declined.

The unseen fighting force rapidly converged into its body like it was temporarily sealed and couldn’t be used.

The energy bodies in the field gradually dissipated. After a moment’s silence, the results of Ziyun’s test appeared.

“Combat power: 51228”

“Meow-” (Just a little short!)

Looking at its test results, Ziyun helplessly shook its head.

This combat power was very close to the Nine-shadow Demon Cat’s!

When Superfast Self-healing upgrades to three stars, together with Fighting Body, Scarlet Battle Intent, and Martial Arts Specialization, it would push its strength to a new peak. It would definitely be first!

“It’s already quite good.” Xu Ran came forward with a smile and patted Ziyun’s head, “Your combat power is even higher than the third one on the current leaderboard.”

“Let’s go, we should get out of here.”

“Eh, that Beast Master with the fake name ‘Starfire Foster Care Shop’ still hasn’t come out?”