Chapter 291 - 180: Who On Earth Is This Person?!_L

Chapter 291: Chapter 180: Who on earth is this person?!_l

Translator: 549690339 |

“So this is the Beast Trainer Ranking…”

Standing in front of a 100-meter high electronic screen with the little ones, Xu Ran tilted his head back. As he squinted slightly in the dazzling light, he observed the lines of text on the screen.

The top and the largest line was the name of the ranking.

“Current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Attack Power Ranking”

Under this line were rows of names.

The higher the name, the larger the font, the brighter the light, and the more conspicuous it was.

Xu Ran’s attention was drawn to the name in the first place.

“Number 1, Du Hongchen, Nine-shadow Demon Cat, Combat power: 53923.”

After the ranking was the Beast Master’s name, then the corresponding Pet Beast’s species, and finally the exact combat power figure.

Presumably, this figure must have been a standard set by the Beast Master Association.

“Meow-” (The first ranked one is also a cat-type pet!)

Excitement and fighting spirit flashed in Ziyun’s eyes.

Being a cat-type pet beast of the same Leadership Stage, I wonder what my combat strength would be.

It’s decided! The next goal is to surpass this Nine-shadow Demon Cat and become the new first-ranked on this list!

After idly patting the enthusiastic Ziyun, Xu Ran’s gaze continued downwards.

He did not see Qin Can’s name until the 218th position.

“Number 218, Qin Can, Wind Unseen Force, Combat power: 23987.”

“Wasn’t Qin Can said to be the strongest Beast Master of the younger generation? Why is his ranking so low?” Xu Ran’s face showed a hint of surprise.

“Hey, kid, you haven’t been to the Beast Master Ranking before, have you?” A middle-aged man standing beside Xu Ran chuckled upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, “Strongest of the young generation? That’s just among the young ones.”

He pointed at the name at the top of the ranking, “Look, ‘Current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Attack Power Ranking,’ what does it mean?”

“All living ones, still at the Leadership Stage, qualify to be on the list.” The middle-aged man shrugged, “How many Leadership Level Beast Masters do we have in Xieyun City? Many have been stuck at the Fourth stage of contract power for decades!”

“How can Qin Can compare to them?”

“I see, thank you for educating me.” Xu Ran was enlightened and understood the reason.

In that case, those at the front of this list should be King Species Pet Beasts at the Leadership Stage who have reached the Perfect Leadership Stage of power. Their skills even reach Halo Level proficiency.@@novelbin@@

This sort of power indeed was not something Qin Can could compare to, not even Ziyun at this point…

Xu Ran couldn’t help but glance at the still high-spirited Ziyun by his side.

He planned initially to take first place on some ranking list to make a name for the Starfire Foster Shop overnight. Now it seems that this plan is a little idealistic.

First, try to get as high a ranking as possible, and then slowly work his way up the list.

Rome wasn’t built in a day.

Xu Ran turned his head to look at another ranking list next to him, and then hesitated for a while before turning his head to look at the middle-aged man who enthusiastically explained things to him just now, “Uncle, what’s the difference between this ‘Historical Leadership Stage Pet Beast Attack Power Ranking’ and the list we just looked at?”

“Of course there is a difference.” The middle-aged man chuckled, “Every list has two replicates, one is called the ‘Current Ranking’, and the other is called the ‘Historical Ranking’.”

“The ‘Current Ranking’ is just what you were looking at. Those who can be listed are only living objects that remain at this power level. Once they fall or break through to a higher level, they will be automatically removed from the list.”

“And the ‘Historical Ranking’… will not remove anyone.” The middle-aged man pointed to the second list Xu Ran was looking at, “Since the establishment of the Beast Master Ranking nearly 300 years ago, everyone who has ever been on this list will appear here.”

“Regardless of whether they are still alive, or whether they are still at this power level.” The middle-aged man paused for a moment, “This list will record their highest historical achievement.”

“There is a ranking settlement for the Current Ranking once a week with rewards of different Beast Master Points according to the ranking, while the Historical Ranking will give a one-time ranking reward.”

“But the reward for the latter is much richer.”

“I see.” Xu Ran turned his head to carefully examine the second list.

Du Hongchen, who ranked first in the list earlier, is only 87th in the Historical Ranking. As for Qin Can, his name is not found in the Historical Ranking at all.

Each ranking list only shows the names of the top 500. If it exceeds that, one can only find it out through the Beast Master Badge. They’re not qualified to be on the list.

Clearly, Qin Can who was over 200 places in the Current Ranking, was placed after the 500th place in the Historical Ranking.

Xu Ran’s gaze focused on the first place of the Historical Leadership Stage Pet Beast Attack Power Ranking.

“Number 1, Fang Canghai, Jade Mysterious Azure Dragon, Combat power: 74398”

“This person is…” Xu Ran had the feeling that he had heard this name somewhere before. A look of shock appeared on his face, mixed with a bit of confusion.

“Of course it’s our Chairman Fang.” The middle-aged man laughed, “I heard that Chairman Fang has been crushing his peers since he became a Beast Master. You’ll find that he’s number one on many of the Historical Rankings if you look at a few more.”

“Probably only such a strong person could become an Emperor Level Beast Master.” Saying this, the middle-aged man expressed admiration with a hint of emotion.

“So it’s Chairman Fang.” Xu Ran understood.

This name, Gu Wu had mentioned it a few times before. No wonder it sounded familiar to him..