Chapter 295 - 182: Star’S Speed L

Chapter 295: Chapter 182: Star’s Speed l

Translator: 549690339

“That’s truly great.”

Xu Ran’s friendly cooperation made Yu Changming let out a sigh of relief.

He knew that him being a guide to Xu Ran was nothing more than a trivial help compared to Xu Ran agreeing to his interview.

Under such circumstances, Xu Ran’s willingness to agree made this overly powerful young man seemed to be modest and friendly.

“Let’s move to the next ranking then.” Yu Changming suppressed the urge to start the interview immediately, initiated a conversation, “Can I ask, how old are you?”

“Twenty-three.”

“Twenty-three…” Even though he had an expectation, Yu Changming was still shocked by Xu Ran’s young age.

“Given so, suitable rankings for you, besides those for Leadership Level Beast Masters and Leadership Stage Pet Beasts, also include the Beast Trainer Ranking by age.”

“Could you introduce me to all those?” Xu Ran asked further.

Indeed, Yu Changming understands the Beast Trainer Ranking specifically, his explanation was a lot different from Qin Can’s vague introduction before.

“Sure, we can walk and talk.” Yu Changming pointed to a direction, then started to speak slowly, “The ranking for Leadership Stage Pet Beasts, which you just participated in, is for individual beasts.”

“The Beast Master and his other pet beasts can’t participate, or it would be considered as a violation of the Beast Trainer Ranking rules.”

“Aside from the ranking that tests the power of a single pet beast, there’s also a ranking that evaluates the overall strength of a Beast Master, targeting the Beast Master himself and all his beasts, and it is divided according to the Beast Master level.”

“There aren’t many rankings divided by age, given your current age, you can try the Beast Trainer Ranking for youths between the ages of 20 and 30.”

“Those are the three ways of ranking.” Yu Changming paused, “of course, no matter which type of ranking, you should choose based on your own strengths to get the highest ranking possible.”

“Could you reveal what the pet beast you didn’t rank earlier excels in?” Yu Changming glanced at Star, who was silent behind Xu Ran, constantly searching left and right for the suitable rankings for himself.

“Star is a support type pet beast, not only can it provide enhancements for teammates, but it also possesses high speed.” Xu Ran pat Star’s head, and started to introduce a bit proudly.

“Enhancements and speed huh…”A look of “As expected” white appeared on Yu Changming’s face, “in terms of enhancements, you can show off in rankings targeting Beast Masters, speed… hng.”

He stopped his steps and pointed at a board not far away, “This one, you might want to give it a try.”

Xu Ran and the three little ones looked up, following the sound and soon saw the name of the new ranking.

“Leadership Level Pet Beast Velocity Chart”

Next to it, there was also the corresponding Historical Rankings.

Speed…

In an instant, Star’s eyes lit up.

Isn’t this ranking made for him?!

Although being useful in group fights already made him very happy, if possible, he also wanted to independently shine.

If it could get onto this ranking and the Historical Rankings next to it, wouldn’t it also be able to gain Beast Master Points like Ziyun?

For Star, who recently became rather poor, this was too important.

“Meow!”(I want to try it out!)

“Sure.” Xu Ran nodded with a smile.

Just right, the three-star skill that Star hadn’t tried yet after leveling up from Reduction was a speed-increasing skill called Gap Flow Shuttle.

His gaze scrolled from the top name in the leaderboard downward, quickly landing on the current first rank.

“First place, Liu Pei, Wind Ostrich, Speed: 4i7.4m/s”

Unlike the battle strength chart with incomprehensible battle power standards, the Velocity Chart had a very clear standard for speed.

The first contestant’s speed had already surpassed the speed of sound.

This made Xu Ran seem a bit serious.

At the Leadership Level, the horrendous speed surpassing that of sound was extremely difficult. Under normal circumstances, those good at speed, the General Stage, could reach such speed with relative ease.

Previously, using the Heart of Eternal Night’s boost and Moon Concealment Star Racing’s acceleration, Star absolutely could not surpass the speed of sound. @@novelbin@@

But that was just before.

Let’s see how fast Star can go now, with the boost from Gap Flow Shuttle!

“Go Star!” Xu Ran waved his fist at Star from afar, showing his encouraging expression.

“Meow!”(Win the Beast Master Points back!)

Ziyun gave its longtime comrade a pat.

“Charming!”(Big brother Star, you can do it!)

Cancan nodded heavily, his eyes carrying a bit of admiration.

Between Ziyun and Star, if you say Cancan respects and fears Ziyun, then to Star, it’s like the respect a kid gives to an elder.

After all, when they first came to this world, Star accompanied him for a long time.

“Meow!”(I will!)

Feeling the weight in the eyes of his comrades, Star nodded heavily, then with high speed, flew towards the Velocity Chart below, indicated on test area C23.

“It seems like the relationship between you and your pet beasts is very harmonious..” Watching the interaction between one human and three pets the whole time, Yu Changming started to speak with a smile, “Aren’t you going with it?”