Chapter 294 - 181: Ziyun Breaking Into The

Chapter 294: Chapter 181: Ziyun Breaking into the

Historical Rankings!—2

Translator: 549690339 |

“Don’t know, it should be soon. Let’s wait a bit more.”

“Come to think of it, I just heard that the Beast Master looks quite young, maybe just in his twenties?”

“Fake news, right? A twenty-something Beast Master parachuting in and beating the 18th ranked Shang Xin?”

“I also feel it’s fake. I heard Shang Xin has already been notified. Hehe, there’s going to be a good show!”

Outside the C12 test site, the spectators waiting for the mysterious Beast Master inside the site are starting to gossip.

However, they didn’t see the Beast Master come out from area C12, but another bell rang out.

Which leaderboard is changing ranking again?” Someone in the crowd chuckled and habitually turned to look at the leaderboard area. As he saw the flickering light on the leaderboard, he opened his eyes wide in surprise and exclaimed out loud.

“It’s that board again!”

The crowd buzzed again.

Obviously, this means that the Beast Master in Area C12 has not finished raising his rank.

For a moment, they were torn between waiting for the mysterious Beast Master to appear or going to see the new changes on the leaderboard.

Amid their indecision, another leaderboard next to the current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Combat Power List lit up.

It was…

The Historical Rankings of Leadership Stage Pet Beast Combat Power!

Unlike the flickering light of the current board, the anomaly of the Historical Rankings board was more obvious. Bright light surrounded the electronic screen, and a ray of light shot up from the base of the screen, forming a column of light that reached the sky!

“The Historical Rankings also changed!” Accompanied by someone’s astonished cry, those who were still indecisive quickly returned to the leaderboard area.

Changes in the current leaderboard occur a few times each day.

But changes in the Historical Rankings often don’t occur more than a few times a month.

More importantly, the one being tested in area C12 at the moment was a mysterious Beast Master whom they had never heard of before.

After parachuting into the top twenty of the current leaderboard, was he going to parachute into the Historical Rankings too?

Old Yu, who waited early in front of the two leaderboards, suppressed his shock and patted his friend on the shoulder, saying nonchalantly, “I told you so.”

7

“You’re awesome!” Old Zhou gave Old Yu a thumbs-up, and then stared at the eaderboard whose rankings were about to change. “How high do you think this mysterious Beast Master can reach in the Historical Rankings?”

“I have no idea.” Old Yu shook his head slightly. “Let’s see.”

As the two talked, the others who had left but returned swarmed around the two leaderboards.

Under their watchful eyes, the rankings on the two lit-up leaderboards began to change.

The first to change was the current board.

The name of some poor guy who had just slipped from the 499th to the 500th place ht up again and then quickly fell off the board under everyone’s gaze.

After that, new names from the new 499th to the nearly top 3rd, a total of 497 names lit up at the same time, their rankings brushed back one place.

In the blinding light, a new name emerged at the third position.

“Third place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Flash Thunder Cat, Combat Power- 51228”

After parachuting into the 18th place, this mysterious Beast Master used another Pet Beast to parachute into the 3rd place on the leaderboard!

Everyone held their breath in unison, looking at the other Historical Rankings board.

b

As soon as the changes on the current board ended, the Historical Rankings Board began to change.

The first to light up was the Beast Master ranked 500th.

After being informed by a few who knew the facts, everyone paid their respects to this Beast Master who had fallen in the Beast Tide decades ago, watching his name disappear from the Historical Rankings.

Then, from the 499th to the 372nd in the Historical Rankings, all the names lit up. Under the incredulous gaze of the crowd, a new name parachuted into the 372nd place in the Historical Rankings.

“I remember…” someone spoke up hesitantly, “the reward for breaking into the top 400 in the Historical Rankings for the first time seems to be…io,ooo Beast Master Points.”

Everyone fell silent.

10,000 Beast Master Points…

Ordinary Beast Masters couldn’t earn that many in their entire life, and this mysterious Beast Master had easily earned it.

Xet’s go.” In the crowd, Old Yu tugged at Old Zhou’s hand, “Let’s go to Area@@novelbin@@

“Huh?” Old Zhou looked puzzled, “Leave now? Aren’t we waiting for the Beast Master to finish testing his third Pet Beast? Won’t the leaderboard change again later?”

Old Yu was silent for a moment, remembering the figure of the young man

rom earlier, “There won’t be any more changes.”

His observational skills were always sharp.

Of the three Pet Beasts the young man brought, only two showed interest in this leaderboard, while the other Pet Beast looked at the other leaderboards.

So, it’s highly likely that the pet beast isn’t adept at combat.

“I believe you.”

Thinking about Old Yu’s certainty earlier, Old Zhou began to believe him a little more. The two of them passed through the crowd waiting for the third round of leaderboard changes and headed towards area C12, where they ran into Xu Ran, who was curiously looking around.

“Strange, why is everyone over there?” Looking at the swarm of people crowded around the leaderboard, a puzzled expression surfaced on Xu Ran’s face.

“Hehe, they are there to see the changes in your ranking.” A bright smile quickly spread across Old Yu’s face.

As expected, he guessed right.

“Uncle, you’re here too.” Faced with this uncle who had patiently explained things to him earlier, Xu Ran smiled friendly, then showed a slight surprise.

“Just getting on the leaderboard is causing such a commotion?”

Old Yu:”…”

Old Zhou:”…”

“It’s not just simply getting on the leaderboard.” Old Yu shook his head helplessly, “It’s common for newcomers to get on the leaderboard, but it’s quite rare to see one that goes straight into 18th place and 3rd place on the current board, and even into 372nd place in the historical rankings.”

“Oh, right! There’s also the historical rankings.” Xu Ran slapped his forehead only realizing it then, “So, are there Beast Master Points rewards?”

“There are ten thousand Beast Master Points.”

“Meow?! (Ten thousand?!)”

Ziyun’s eyes suddenly lit up.

It looked at Xu Ran.

Who should these ten thousand points belong to?

“They’re yours.” Seeing what Ziyun was thinking, Xu Ran immediately said

“The points earned from the rankings, is given to whoever earned them, and we split if earned together.”

Ziyun’s face was filled with even more happiness.

The Beast Trainer Ranking is such a good thing!

Although the reward for the historical ranking can only be obtained once it can strive to continue improving its ranking and continue to get rewards!

Also, being 3rd place on the current leaderboard, it should receive quite a substantial reward at the end of the week, right?

It could see instant wealth right in front of it!

Star and Cancan both revealed envious looks. They had already been thinking about climbing the rankings, and now, they wanted to do so even more earnestly.

For more Beast Master Points, charge forward!

After knowing the reason, Xu Ran couldn’t help but glance at the crowd discussing in front of the leaderboard again.

These people, they should all have seen his alias, right?

Then…

Xu Ran casually opened the main task, his face filled with joy.

The progress of the Main Task 3 went from the previous (0.03/70) and directly became (0.12/70).

Not only the crowd in front of him, but the news was probably still spreading.

After fermenting for a few days, it should be able to break through 1% soon.

Indeed, it’s effective. That being the case, let’s add some fuel to the fire!

“Let’s go, we will check other leaderboards.” Xu Ran, leading his three little ones, was about to leave.

“Wait a moment, young man.” Old Yu hurriedly stopped Xu Ran, chuckled

“May I know your name?”

“Xu Ran.”

“Good.” Old Yu slightly nodded, secretly noting down this name, “I am Yu Changming, a journalist for the Extract Cloud Beastmaster Report, I am very familiar with the leaderboards here.”

“If you are willing to answer a few of my questions, I can guide you.”

This was the real reason why Yu Changming had initiated a conversation.

The importance of getting firsthand information from such a young Beast

Master who had just made it onto the leaderboard goes without saying.

“Extract Cloud Beastmaster Report?” A surprised expression crossed Xu Ran’s face.

“Didn’t you know?” Now it was Yu Changming’s turn to be surprised, “It’s a newspaper authorized by the Beast Master Association, which carries all Beast Master related news, many people love reading it.”

“Didn’t know before, but I know now.”

Xu Ran flashed a brilliant smile.

They really delivered the pillow just as sleep arrived.

“You can ask however many questions, feel free..”