Chapter 298 - 183: Cancan’S Ambition_2

Chapter 298: Chapter 183: Cancan’s Ambition_2

Translator: 549690339

“I have to take those restless little brats of mine for a good wash and brush-up. They’ve been out and about for a month and gotten filthy.”

“Ah…there’s more.” Qin Can nodded and then seemed to remember something, his face becoming a bit strange, “Then again, I’d recommend a different place. There’s a new foster shop in town that’s been much better with washing than the Beast Baths.”

“They have a shop that good? I’ve got to try it!” Qin Yue’s eyes lit up, her interest piqued immediately, “What’s the shop…”

“Ding Ling Ling —”

A call rang out from Qin Yue’s waist belt. She gave Qin Can a “quiet, I’m on the phone” gesture, then answered “Hello? Xiao Yu? What’s up?”

Just as Qin Can was about to mention the Starfire Foster Care Shop, he closed his mouth.

The caller was her elder sister’s best friend, and her elder sister had just returned from the outskirts of the city. Their phone conversation could last for a couple of hours, so he decided to just wait until they were finished.

With that thought, he quietly took a step back, but the very next moment, Qin Yue’s exclamation made him stop in his tracks.

“What the heck?!’

1

“My third place on the historical leaderboard of beast speed rankings in the Leadership Stage is gone?!””

Ah, this…

Qin Can’s ears perked up. @@novelbin@@

Your sister is indeed very strong, but in Xieyun City, where talent is abundant, there were still many others who possessed considerable power at the same stage.

That’s why his older sister didn’t have any particularly impressive achievements in the Beast Trainer Rankings.

Except for speed.

Among the four beasts his sister trained, one of them was a Gale Dragon, a king species with a wind attribute that was practically unmatched in terms of speed. Because of it, when she was a Leadership Level Beast Master, she once topped the speed charts. When she dropped out of the rankings, she even reached third place in the Historical Rankings.

This was her highest ranking as a beast master and something she took great pride in.

And now…someone had taken her third place?

Though only one rank separates third and fourth place, they hold very different meanings.

The third place means being in the top three, while the fourth is only in the top ten…

The mechanics of the Historical Rankings meant that she, who had already broken through to the General Level, had no chance of trying to challenge and surpass her previous record…

With this in mind, Qin Can couldn’t resist glancing over at Qin Yue, who was growling and looking very sour.

Given what he knew about his elder sister, the one who took her third place was in for a beating.

The call ended quickly, and after putting the phone away, Qin Yue flopped back onto the couch, grumbling, “That bastard, wait till I recover in a few days. I’ll make him pay!”

“Sis, what happened?” Qin Can really couldn’t hide his schadenfreude as he sat down on another couch next to Qin Yue, “Who took your third place? Was it Liu Pei, who’s consistently lead in the current rankings?”

“He’s not up to the task yet.” Qin Yue grumbled, “Liu Pei is about to have a breakthrough, I don’t think he can surpass me when he steps down the rankings.”

“Some never seen before beast master popped out of the blue! Made his ranking debut by shooting straight up above me!” Just saying this made Qin Yue angry.

If he had surpassed her one step at a time, she could have accepted that.

But this type, intentionally not attempting the ranking and then suddenly giving it everything to reach the top, was just too unexpected!

“There should at least be some foreshadowing! Who does that?!” Qin Yue slammed a hand on the couch, being very outspoken.

“Sis… remember to keep up appearances…” Qin Can’s mouth twitched a bit, but then something seemed to register, and his expression changed slightly.

A beast master who had never appeared before…

A leaderboard for Leadership Stage Pet Beasts…

Could it be him?

But can he really achieve such a level?

He never showed such a ridiculous speed before, did he?

“Sis, is the beast master who surpassed you surnamed Xu?” Even though he was doubtful, Qin Can couldn’t help but confirm with his older sister.

“No.” Qin Yue shook her head.

Qin Can was just about to breathe a sigh of relief when he heard his sister speak again.

“The guy used a pseudonym, called ‘Starfire Foster Care Shop’, sounds strange as hell, I doubt he’s up to anything good.”

Ah?

What?!

Qin Can blinked in surprise.

A pseudonym is the Starfire Foster…?

Sure, he taught Xu Ran to advertise after achieving high ranks and getting attention in the rankings, but he didn’t teach him to advertise like this?!

No, that’s not the point.

The one who surpassed his sister really was that guy?!

“Forget about all this, I’ve only just returned to the city, and there’s already so much bad news, it’s exhausting.” Qin Yue slouched on the couch, one hand on her stomach and said, “Let’s talk about something fun, what’s the name of that place you mentioned that was so good at washing and grooming?”

Qin Can:”…”

Should he speak up, or not?

“Xi Lu?!” (Eighty thousand Beast Master Points?!)

The star brought secretly back to Xu Ran’s side, gasped in surprise upon hearing the reward for the third place in the Historical Rankings.

“Yes, that’s eighty thousand.” Xu Ran nodded.

When he first found out from Yu Changming, he was also shocked by this enormous reward.

The amount of Beast Master Points awarded for different ranking zones in the Historical Rankings of Leadership Stage Pet Beasts is fixed.

The first 500, 400, 300 and 200 each received a reward of five thousand Beast Master Points.

That’s why Ziyun had received ten thousand Beast Master Points all at once previously.

The first 100 and 50 each received a reward of ten thousand Beast Master Points.

The first 10, 3 and 1 each received a reward of twenty thousand Beast Master Points.

On a single Historical Ranking, you can get up to one hundred thousand Beast Master Points as a reward.

And Star, landing directly in third place, can get eighty thousand Beast Master Points.

This represented an astronomical sum that he would hardly be able to spend in a short amount of time.

Upon realizing that he was about to possess eighty thousand Beast Master Points, Star was moved to tears.

At that moment, he felt the immense difficulty of overcoming his previous state of poverty.

Never again would he have to endure those impoverished days!

“Meow-” (I also want to try the Velocity Chart.)

Ziyun, standing next to him, showed a look of envy.

Previously, he had been quite pleased with himself for earning ten thousand Beast Master Points.

But look at Star now!

Isn’t it all about speed? With his Step on Electric Traces, his speed isn’t bad either!

Just needed to test instantaneous speed, then he could take off from the starting point, reach the finish line, then instantly return to the starting point, and easily top the Historical Rankings!

“I just asked, there are some limitations to the Velocity Chart test. Jumping speed skills don’t count, only trajectory speed skills can be included.” Xu Ran tousled Ziyun’s head helplessly.

Jump and trajectory are a kind of classification for speed skills. Jump means to instantly appear from one location to another, such as teleportation, trajectory refers to normal movement.

Although fast enough speed will also have a teleportation-like effect, the trajectory will be blocked, but the jump will not, so there is an essential difference between the two.

Ziyun’s Step on Electric Traces, the normal movement belongs to the trajectory speed skill, but the return process belongs to the jump skill.

But Ziyun’s normal movement speed is much slower compared to Star, certainly not breaking the sound barrier.

And the lowest on the Historical Velocity Chart in the top five hundred is already approaching the speed of sound.

Compared to charging the Velocity Chart, the Combat Power List is more suitable for Ziyun.

After all, he still has a lot of room for improvement in the Leadership Stage.

“Meow-” (Alright-)

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s analysis, Ziyun sighed.

Damn it, he could only console himself. After subsequent strength improvements, he would charge the Historical Combat Power List. The Beast Master Points that Star gains, he will be able to gain sooner or later.

“Charming!” (What about me!)

Cancan, who was also envious, seemed restless.

It, too, wanted Beast Master Points!

In the Combat Power List test just now, even though it performed pretty well, it was a lot worse than Ziyun, and it didn’t even make it into the Historical Rankings.

Next, they had to let it try the other lists, to see if it could gain any Beast Master Points, right?

“Alright, it’s your turn next.” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, then looked at Uncle Yu, “Uncle Yu, where is the Defence list?”

“Over there.” Yu Changming pointed out the location of the Defence list. He then looked at Cancan, who was following behind Xu Ran, “Is this the Panlong Turtle, which ranks 18th on the current Combat Power List? Is it good at defense?”

“Charming-” (Yes, that’s me. But I’m 19 now.)

Cancan nodded, but looked a little weak.

This rank sounded impressive, but was nothing compared to Ziyun and Star.

Later, when it came to its best defense, it must make the Historical Ranking!

It needs to prove its worth, that all the beatings it took from Ziyun as a child weren’t in vain!