Chapter 300 - 184:1, Can Aotian, Taking Off From The Ground!_2

Chapter 300: Chapter 184:1, Can Aotian, Taking off from the Ground!_2

Translator: 549690339

This isn’t enough!

In Cancan’s eyes, a sharp gleam emerged. His massive body remained motionless, unshaken by the electricity. The continual electric attacks were wholly absorbed by his Giving Body to Fertile Soil.

At this moment, he, covered in mud, seemed to have transformed into a mountain.

Four thousand-five thousand-six thousand.

Seemingly angered by Cancan’s attitude, the Thunderball’s lightning emission speed started to accelerate, covering Cancan’s body with ever more Thunderbolts, wrapping it densely.

Under such intense electricity, even the Giving Body to Fertile Soil began to struggle. Gradually, Electric Arcs started to bounce on the surface of the mud.

This showed that Giving Body to Fertile Soil could not absorb and transmit the Thunderforce in time, causing an overflow of the attack.

Charming! (It’s kicking in! It’s kicking in!)

Feeling the strong tingling sensation brought by the overflow of Thunderforce, Cancan’s eyes revealed a hint of nostalgia.

It felt like being beaten up by Ziyun.

If it’s just this, he can keep going!

Charming! (Let’s have more!)

“Crack!”

Accompanied by continuous sharp sounds, the speed of the electric emission escalated once again.

Seven thousand…eight thousand…nine thousand!

Finally, when the number of Thunderbolts reached nine thousand, Giving Body to Fertile Soil completely lost its protective effect, and Cancan, whose defense was broken, was instantly charred by electricity.

The next moment, the Thunderbolts and the Thunderball disappeared together.

The first mock test of defense had been completed. @@novelbin@@

Fine, you’re mighty indeed.

Dazed due to the electric shock, Cancan shook his head, a light-brown halo enveloped his body, rapidly healing his wounds. His eyes revealed a hint of fear.

He had rarely confronted the Wind attribute.

This attribute could restrain the Earth attribute, so the upcoming attack may not be that simple.

So…

Cancan raised a claw and then pressed it heavily on the ground.

Just performing this simple action with his gigantic seven-hundred-meter body unleashed a world-destroying majesty.

Along with the violent roar, barriers radiating a light -brown light and a metallic luster sprang up from the ground.

In a very short time, they rose almost a kilometer in height, and closed above Cancan’s head, densely wrapping his huge body.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level: Eternal Iron Wall!

The moment this skill was cast, sharp wind blades materialized from all sides of the testing ground and fiercely slashed down at the Eternal Iron Wall.

The wind blades looked vaguely outlined, they didn’t seem very powerful, but when faced with earth’s defense, they had incredible destructive power. Each of them left a non-shallow trace on the hard barrier.

Soon, the once bright and smooth surface of the Iron Wall was filled with marks left by wind blades, becoming battered beyond recognition.

Cancan, hiding under the Iron Wall, felt the situation outside and heaved a sigh of relief.

Just this?

It was a little threatening but not much.

As the Earth attribute power poured in, the Eternal Iron Wall activated its other effect – the numerous cuts started to fade quickly, eventually disappearing, leaving behind the smooth surface of the wall.

But before Cancan could rejoice, the next wave of wind blade attacks followed.

Unlike the previous attack, this time it was double-bladed wind!

After the first wind blade left a trace, the second one quickly followed, landing at the same spot, leaving a deeper trace.

Feeling the increasingly significant vibrations around his body, Cancan’s eyes

quickly became serious.

The Wind attribute is a little terrifying…

Under his desperate control, Earth attribute power continuously poured into the Eternal Iron Wall, continually repairing the damage caused by the wind blades.

Triple-blade wind-quadruple-blade wind…quinquennial-blade wind…

Unlike the test with the Thunder attribute, the Wind Attribute’s test was a huge challenge to Cancan’s defense.

Ultimately, under the seven-blade wind, the Eternal Iron Wall was torn apart by countless wind blades. Cancan, hiding under the Iron Wall with Giving Body to Fertile Soil activated, could not escape either and became heavily wounded.

The wind blades dissipated quickly. During Cancan’s healing, his final test result appeared.

“Defense: 60194”

Charming! (Stable!)

Excitement flashed in Cancan’s eyes.

Before coming, he had specifically checked the historical defense rankings and the Beastmaster at the 500th position.

With his defense power, he could easily make it onto the list.

Beast Master Points, here I come!

“Sister Xin, you’re here!”

At the entrance of the Beast Trainer Ranking, a girl with long black hair rushed over tiredly. Another girl who had been waiting at the gate went up to meet her.

“You mentioned on the phone earlier that my spot on the Combat Power List was taken?” The first to receive the news, Shang Xin, grabbed the hand of the girl who greeted her, “What exactly happened? Tell me as we walk.” “Okay!” The girl nodded, telling Shang Xin everything she knew about the situation.

When they reached the Combat Power List, Shang Xin had already learned about the whole process from her friend.

Seeing herself now at rank 20, Shang Xin’s expression became a bit odd. Having your ranking taken by some powerful Beast Master really is annoying! Shang Xin’s thoughts about challenging the mysterious Beastmaster named “Starfire Foster Care Shop” who was in third place faded as she looked at the ranking.

The one who pushed her off the rank wasn’t even their strongest Pet Beast.

“Sister Xin, it’s okay,” the girl beside her comforted, holding on to Shang Xin s arm. “Your greatest strength is defense, not just anyone can get the third spot on the defense rankings!”

“Yeah,” Shang Xin chuckled, a touch of pride in her eyes. “But I also need to keep an eye on the attack rankings, the weekly settlement is coming up.

“Being in the 20th position is too risky. If there are any more fluctuations in the ranking, there’s a good chance I’ll fall out of the top 20 and miss out on a lot of Beast Master Points.”

“It’s been a while since I’ve climbed the rankings,” Cubing her sleeve up, a battle spirit ignited in Shang Xin’s eyes. “At the very least, I’ve got to put that Panlong Turtle in its place!”

“Okay! Go Sister Xin!” The girl waved her hand vigorously in the air, watching as Shang Xin entered testing site C12.

A moment later, a “ding-” bell rang throughout the venue.

On the current Combat Power List, Shang Xin’s ranking had returned to 18th, while the Panlong Turtle had fallen to 20 th.

“Sister Xin, you’re amazing!” The girl complimented Shang Xin, who walked out calmly, an admiring look on her face.

“My Rip Wind Demon Bird has improved a little this month.” Shang Xin glanced at her ranking, and breathed out a sigh of relief.

Good, good, backto 18th, it’s not being stolen.

Just as Shang Xin was thinking about this, another pleasant bell rang out.

“Ding-”

Were there new ranking changes?

Shang Xin’s eyes swept elsewhere, looking for the flashing leaderboard.

The next moment, her expression stiffened slightly.

The changes were on the Defense Rankings?!

For some reason, an uneasiness began to creep up in her heart.

“Come on! Let’s go check it out!” Shang Xin’s tone conveyed her urgency, as she grabbed the girl next to her, and rushed towards the defense rankings. There were also people who had been eagerly awaiting the “Starfire Foster Care Shop” on the Velocity Chart, but never got to see that mysterious Beastmaster. At this moment, all of them had a sense that something was off.

“Let’s hurry up!” Seeing so many people converging towards the Defense Rankings, Shang Xin’s uneasy premonition grew stronger.

A moment later, the two girls appeared before the leaderboard.

The changes in the ranking on the current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Defense Ranking had already ended.

A new, yet familiar name to everyone present, appeared in the second place on the leaderboard.

“2nd Place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Panlong Turtle, Defense: 60194

Seeing herself now at rank 4, Shang Xin was stunned.

The current weekly rankings divide the rewards more intricately, the top 100 are almost divided into ten brackets, and the top ten rewards differ for each rank.

Falling from third to fourth, her rewards were considerably less.

Compared to this, the small gain from getting back in the top 20 Combat Power List mean nothing.

She, who did not want to be outdone, had been thoroughly outdone.

And it was by the same person, the same Beast.

Why… why is this happening?

Is this person named Starfire Foster Store deliberately trying to get on her bad side?!