Chapter 713 - 340: Late Night Emo? What The Heck!_4

However, beyond taking these two points into consideration, no foster shop can monitor each Pet beast around the clock, 24 hours a day.

Therefore, once a pet beast encounters an emergency, it is very difficult for the foster shop to detect the issue immediately and take perfect measures in response.

In the fostering experience, this is the nightmare of all foster shops.

Because these points are like the essay portion of a language exam, where you are bound to lose a few marks no matter what.

Thinking of this, the eyes of all the judges lit up, and their faces showed a renewed sense of fighting spirit.

They were eager to see how long Starfire Foster Care Shop could hold on!

-----------------

"Finally, I can take a little break."

Xu Ran glanced at the feeding schedule in his hand and let out a small sigh of relief.

He had already arranged the feeding times according to the dietary habits of all the fostered pet beasts and had gotten a sense of their food preferences after the first round of feeding.

The subsequent feedings would just need to follow the schedule.

"There are still two hours until the next feeding," Xu Ran put away the feeding schedule, "I can take this time to offer some Washing and Protection."

He left the foster area quickly and made his way to the storefront on the first floor.

As he opened the door to the shop, the passersby outside quickly took notice of the situation at the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

It didn’t take long for a young girl to enter the foster shop, carrying a cute rabbit-like Pet beast.

"Welcome~" Xu Ran greeted with a smile, ready to receive the customer.

"Boss, does your shop offer Pet beast cleaning and caring services?" The lively girl asked as soon as she entered, while curiously looking around at the shop’s decor.

It seemed to be a newly opened foster shop, and she wondered about the quality of their cleaning and caring services.

"Of course, we do," Xu Ran replied with a slight smile and pointed behind the girl, "The Price Menu is behind you."

"Let me see..." The girl turned around, looked at the washing and protection prices, and was taken aback, "Small Pet Beasts cost 6666? Your shop is too expensive, isn’t it?"

Xu Ran’s smile remained unchanged, as he had already heard such doubts countless times.

Just as he was about to explain, the girl didn’t hesitate and handed her rabbit-like Pet beast to Xu Ran, "Let’s see the effect after one wash!"

Xu Ran: "..."

He was taken aback.

There were many customers who thought the charges at Starfire Foster were expensive, but this was the first time he had seen someone criticize the price and then not hesitate to choose Starfire Foster nonetheless.

The girl seemed to notice Xu Ran’s surprise and giggled, "I’m a friend of Qi Yuanyuan!"

Xu Ran’s expression showed he understood.

This was a client who had received washing and protection services in the shop the day before; it seemed this girl had come following the reputation she witnessed from her friend’s Pet beast cleaning and caring results.

No wonder she was playing hard to get.

He took the Pet beast from her arms and performed a System Identification.

[Race name: Snowflake Rabbit

Attribute: Ice attribute

Growth stage: Transcendent Stage

Body type: Small size

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★★★☆

Evaluation: As is well known, rabbits under normal circumstances do not make a sound, unless they can no longer hold back. So dear Host, please let it make a sound with your magical hands!]

The system’s Bad Teasing +1.

The corner of Xu Ran’s mouth twitched imperceptibly, and then he turned to the girl, "I’ll take your Pet beast for Washing and Protection now. Do you wish to accompany us, or?"

"I’ll accompany!" The girl giggled, "I’ve never seen Washing and Protection worth 6666 Yuan before!"

"This way, please." Xu Ran gestured towards the washing and protection room, then led the girl inside.

"Wow~ what a big washing chamber!"

The girl entered the grooming room and looked around with amazement, her eyes roving curiously here and there like those of an excited child.

"Wait here." Without paying much attention to the girl’s amazement, Xu Ran gently placed the Snowflake Rabbit on the grooming table designed for small Pet beasts and then turned around to start preparing everything needed for the Washing and Protection.

Bath gel, Shampoo, Conditioner...

All sorts of washing and grooming essentials were quickly prepared under Xu Ran’s skilled operation. Before long, Xu Ran picked up the showerhead filled with bath gel and walked over to the Snowflake Rabbit.

The slightly cool bath gel uniformly sprayed over the Snowflake Rabbit’s body, thoroughly wetting its fine long fur. Xu Ran’s technique followed, carefully parting the long fur bit by bit, allowing the bath gel to penetrate to the roots of the fur.

Feeling the water wrap around its body at a comfortable temperature and the kneading force from all around perfectly relaxing its pores, the Snowflake Rabbit’s ice-blue eyes swiftly gained a misty look, and its previously clear pupils now had a hint of haziness.

Its petite body trembled slightly in Xu Ran’s wandering hands, a tingling sensation making it struggle to control its own body.

The Snowflake Rabbit’s three-parted lips quivered, but no sound came out.

[Pleasure value from Snowflake Rabbit +30]

[Pleasure value from Snowflake Rabbit +30]

[From…]

One after another, pleasure value notifications appeared, making Xu Ran’s face even more filled with a smile. After thoroughly wetting the Snowflake Rabbit’s fur, he swiftly poured the whipped shampoo down the rabbit’s back.

The sudden chill running down its spine delighted the cold-loving Snowflake Rabbit, which suddenly perked up. The pleasant fragrance of the shampoo, along with Xu Ran’s intensified kneading, gradually made its consciousness flutter.

It felt as if its body was becoming lighter and lighter, almost as if it could fly away at any moment.

The Snowflake Rabbit instinctively raised its head slightly, and the lighting of the grooming room became dazzlingly bright at that moment, causing it to become somewhat entranced.

Its body shook even more violently, and the quivering of its lips became more pronounced, a series of heavy breaths uncontrollably escaping, which were extraordinarily clear in the tranquil grooming room.

[Pleasure value from Snowflake Rabbit +40]

[Pleasure value from Snowflake Rabbit +40]

[From…]

Still not making a sound?

Xu Ran looked at the Snowflake Rabbit’s current state and decisively decided to increase the intensity.

His massage technique, gentle as a rain on banana leaves, suddenly became as fierce as a rapid storm, each kneading delivering just the right amount of force into the Snowflake Rabbit’s body.

The Snowflake Rabbit’s gaze became increasingly hazy.

At this moment, it felt like a frail boat about to capsize atop raging waves.

The intense tingling sensation all over its body was irresistible and intoxicating, the pleasure following each knead made its body shudder even more violently.

The Snowflake Rabbit’s three-parted lips moved swiftly in systematization, and finally, a sound too faint to be heard but undeniably real echoed in the grooming room.

"Wu~~~"

The girl sitting on one side watching Xu Ran groom widened her eyes when she heard this sound.

What’s happening?

Her mute bride pet had spoken?!

-----------------

"Take care, welcome to come again!"

Standing at the shop entrance, Xu Ran sent off the dazed girl with a cheerful smile.

She had yet to recover from the shock of her pet beast making a sound.

For so long after contracting the Snowflake Rabbit, she had believed her pet beast was mute!

Little did she expect that the creature just didn’t want to speak!

Watching the girl disappear into the crowd, Xu Ran retracted his gaze and returned to the storefront.

Then, his expression suddenly changed.

A line of text appeared before his eyes.

Standing at the shop entrance, Xu Ran sent off the dazed girl with a cheerful smile.

She had yet to recover from the shock of her pet beast making a sound.

For so long after contracting the Snowflake Rabbit, she had believed her pet beast was mute!

Little did she expect that the creature just didn’t want to speak!@@novelbin@@

Watching the girl disappear into the crowd, Xu Ran retracted his gaze and returned to the storefront.

Then, his expression suddenly changed.

A line of text appeared before his eyes.