Chapter 708 - 339: The Tricky Organizers And The Flawless Boss Xu_3

This meant that the Cloud Stepping Fox’s foster care experience was deteriorating.

This decline wasn’t because the Cloud Stepping Fox had become dissatisfied with the living area’s environment, but because it was not in a good state at the moment.

In short, hunger was affecting its mood.

In this situation, the Cloud Stepping Fox still insisted on not eating a bite of food, which made Xu Ran feel somewhat stumped for a moment.

After hosting so many Pet Beast fosterings, this was indeed the first time he had encountered such a situation. Have Pet Beasts started to become anxious about their figures nowadays?!

Wait a second... figure anxiety...

A contemplative look appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Content from some short videos he had seen in his previous life flashed through his mind.

Looking at the Cloud Stepping Fox in front of him, stubbornly refusing to eat, Xu Ran steeled his heart.

Let’s give it a try, it might just work.

"Hold on a second," Xu Ran dropped these words before spinning on his heel and departing with a swish.

"Ying~" (Whatever you try, I’m absolutely not eating!)

As Xu Ran’s figure receded, the Cloud Stepping Fox let out a big shout.@@novelbin@@

Only after Xu Ran’s figure had disappeared did it lift a paw to rub its empty stomach.

So hungry...

But I must endure!

Determination filled the Cloud Stepping Fox’s eyes.

It wanted to become slimmer and prettier!

As time ticked by, soon Xu Ran returned.

He was pushing a food cart, accompanied by Twelve, and another Pet Beast.

That was a Lingli Beast.

It was also one of the twenty Pet Beasts under review this time.

Entering the Cloud Stepping Fox’s living area for the first time, the Lingli Beast curiously glanced around, though it occasionally cast its gaze toward the food cart that Xu Ran was pushing.

A hint of delicious aroma wafting out from the cart made it swallow its saliva involuntarily.

Watching Xu Ran approach, a bit of wariness appeared in the Cloud Stepping Fox’s eyes.

"Ying~" (What are you going to do?)

"It’s almost noon, time for lunch," Xu Ran said with a chuckle, sitting down on the ground in front of the Cloud Stepping Fox and magically producing a food bowl from the cart.

The Cloud Stepping Fox’s eyes widened, about to say "I won’t eat", but it realized the food wasn’t prepared for it.

The bowl was placed in front of the Lingli Beast.

The rich fragrance, unleashed with the opening of the bowl, instantly filled the entire area.

Smelling the exotic rich aroma, the Cloud Stepping Fox couldn’t help but swallow its saliva.

Already hungry, it felt as if a little imp had stirred up its appetite, leaving it on the brink of losing its mind with hunger.

On the other side, the Lingli Beast was even less composed.

Its sharp sense of smell had detected the unusual aroma from the cart earlier, and now as the cart was opened and the bowl placed before it, the scent intensified, becoming almost a hundred times more potent.

Equally hungry, the Lingli Beast didn’t hesitate at all. It grabbed a handful and stuffed it into its mouth, barely chewing before swallowing, the delightful taste lingering on its tongue filling its eyes with surprise.

"Sha!" (This is delicious!)

With a loud cry, the Lingli Beast accelerated its eating, its paws and face smeared with food juices, which somehow made it look even more appetizing.

Watching the Lingli Beast’s performance, Xu Ran smiled with satisfaction.

Choosing it, there were numerous reasons.

First of all, the Lingli Beast and the Cloud Stepping Fox were two types of Pet Beasts with similar living habits, comfortable to be around each other. Although the pair here didn’t know each other, the Cloud Stepping Fox didn’t oppose letting the Lingli Beast enter its territory.

Secondly, the Lingli Beast and Cloud Stepping Fox had similar dietary habits, which meant the Lingli Beast’s food would likely be something the Cloud Stepping Fox would enjoy.

Lastly and most importantly, the Lingli Beast had a rather rough way of eating.

Looking over at the Cloud Stepping Fox, who was staring wide-eyed at the Lingli Beast and swallowing saliva continuously, Xu Ran chuckled inwardly.

I’ll let you experience the thrill of a live eating show.

No, this is much more powerful than a live eating show.

After all, you can’t smell the aroma with a live eating show.

And this was not all that Xu Ran had prepared.

He casually took out another food bowl from the cart and handed it to Twelve.

Now, it was Twelve’s time to perform.

Twelve pretended to taste a mouthful from the food bowl, then curiously asked.

"Jiu?" (Why is today’s food served chilled?)

"Cold food doesn’t have calories," Xu Ran said with a mysterious smile. "And if it doesn’t have calories, you won’t gain weight."

"Jiu!" (I see!)

Twelve looked as though it had an epiphany and ate a few bites, then picked up a piece of meat that had both fat and lean parts.

"Jiu?" (Eating this won’t make me fat?)

"That’s fried meat," Xu Ran spoke with a smile. "All the calories have been fried away, it’s zero-cal, so eat without worries."

"Jiu!" (Alright then!)

Twelve carefully savored the food in the bowl, occasionally picking out a type of ingredient to inquire about, and Xu Ran answered fluidly every time, always managing to prove the food wouldn’t make one fat.

The Cloud Stepping Fox’s ears had perked up without notice, it watched the Lingli Beast’s live eating show and listened to the exchange between Xu Ran and Twelve echoing in its ears while feeling the gnawing hunger, its expression growing increasingly animated.

"Sha!" (I’ve finished eating!)

Soon, the Lingli Beast’s bowl was empty, licked clean without a drop of soup left, and Twelve’s bowl was empty as well.

It wasn’t even its mealtime yet; this was just an extra snack, so the portion wasn’t large.

"Done eating, we should leave now," Xu Ran said, pretending to tidy up the food cart, and then to his feigned surprise, he brought out another bowl, "Huh? There’s still one more bowl left?"