Chapter 706 - 339: The Tricky Organizers And The Flawless Boss Xu

Looking through the eyes of Pet Beasts, even the four main judges, who had served as the main judges for numerous exhibitions and seen many foster environments, couldn’t help but be dumbfounded by what they saw inside the Starfire Foster Shop.

"This newly opened foster shop has actually integrated Space Expansion Technology directly with the foster area?" one of the main judges couldn’t help but mutter quietly, "This foster area is ridiculously big."

"It’s not just big." Another main judge said solemnly, "He has also combined environmental simulation technology to achieve customization of pet fostering, meeting all the living needs of Pet Beasts."

"My Pet Beast just told me something." The third main judge spoke in a low voice, "The owner of this shop has a Super ability Attribute Pet Beast that possesses telepathic skills."

Upon hearing this, the room briefly fell silent.

A moment later, a judge couldn’t help but whisper, "Then haven’t all the challenges we designed been solved by him?"

Hearing this, the other judges began to talk amongst themselves, the initial ease on their faces replaced by a hint of dissatisfaction.

Indeed, dissatisfaction.

For them, the greatest joy of being judges was to bring out their troublesome Pet Beasts and let others worry about them.

Now that Xu Ran had so easily solved the problem, it immediately made them feel as if they had lost face.

"Don’t panic." The fourth main judge said with a chuckle, his face full of confidence, "I admit that the foster environment of this shop is beyond our expectations."

"But, the foster experience exhibition isn’t just about the foster environment."

"Soon, the owner of this foster shop will face a brand new challenge." He paused slightly, "This time, I think he won’t solve it so easily."

At the words of this main judge, all judges’ eyes lit up.

Right, they had almost forgotten about that.

Fostering includes "eating" and "living," and now that no one could find fault with the "living" aspect, it didn’t mean they would be able to deliver a perfect score in the "eating" aspect.

For the twenty Pet Beasts selected this time, they had sufficient confidence.

Being picky eaters was the least of their problems.

"Just wait, he’s going to get a taste!"

-----------------

"Your feathers are really beautiful."

Xu Ran looked at the Red Brocade Bird in front of him with a big smile.

"Chirp~" (Thank you~)

The Red Brocade Bird, which had a natural love for beauty, couldn’t help but hold its slender neck high upon receiving the compliment, proudly flicking up the reddish crown of feathers on its head even higher.

"Red Brocade Birds need to eat small meals frequently, and I’m about to prepare food for you now. Do you have anything you’d like to eat or dislike?" Taking advantage of the bird’s good mood, Xu Ran quickly began to inquire.@@novelbin@@

"Chirp~" (I hate the smell of fish, and I like...)

The Red Brocade Bird shook its head, rattling off a long list of likes and dislikes quickly.

Xu Ran rapidly took notes in his notebook, and by the time the Red Brocade Bird had finished speaking, he had filled a full three pages.

Looking at the writing on the paper, Xu Ran’s brow furrowed slightly.

This was a bit troublesome.

The dietary preferences of this particular Red Brocade Bird were quite special and vastly different from normal Red Brocade Birds; almost all the ingredients normally used to prepare food for Red Brocade Birds were not to its liking.

It seemed that a change to the food formula was needed.

"Just give me a moment." Taking a deep breath, Xu Ran flashed a smile and then turned to leave.

Countless thoughts began to whirl in his mind.

As the saying goes, learning one thing can aid in understanding others.

Xu Ran had acquired hundreds of pieces of Advanced Nutrition Science knowledge for Pet Beasts from the system over time and already had some personal insight.

Now, those insights acted as nourishment, gradually altering the "Advanced Nutrition Science of Red Brocade Bird Species," erasing the ingredients disliked by the Red Brocade Bird judges and replacing them with ones that had similar effects.

Xu Ran’s footsteps grew lighter.

It did not take long for a new formula to emerge in his mind.

He was confident that the Red Brocade Bird would find absolutely nothing unsatisfactory about this food.

Striding into the food preparation room, Xu Ran quickly got to work.

Soon, Xu Ran entered the living area of the Red Brocade Bird with a small food basin in hand.

"Chirp?"

The Red Brocade Bird, which was leisurely preening its feathers, suddenly stopped its actions.

Looking around in puzzlement, the soft parts at the base of its beak fluttered slightly as it delicately discerned an unusual fragrance that suddenly filled the air.

It was a scent that the Red Brocade Bird had never encountered before.

At the moment of its appearance, the Red Brocade Bird’s hunger intensified instantly, and the longing for food caused its stomach to contract instinctively.

Swallowing with difficulty, the Red Brocade Bird flapped its wings, turned into a crimson streak across the sky, and flew towards the source of the fragrance.

Soon, it landed in front of Xu Ran, its cherry-red eyes blazing with intensity, fixated on the food basin in Xu Ran’s hands.

As it drew closer, the tempting scent grew more intense, brazenly invading its nostrils with undeniable potency.

Inhaling the delightful aroma, the Red Brocade Bird was almost entranced.

It stared fixedly at the food basin, eager to dive in and feast.

"This is all for you, take your time eating."

At that moment, Xu Ran’s words sounded in the Red Brocade Bird’s ears, as sweet as the most beautiful music.