Chapter 711 - 340 Late Night Emo? What The Heck!_2

"Oh no!" one of the judges’ expression changed, "The Lingli Beast was the toughest challenge we had prepared in the ’eating’ aspect."

"If this has been solved, doesn’t that mean the Starfire Foster Shop has performed perfectly in both ’eating’ and ’living’?!"

Hearing this, the other judges also showed changing expressions.

Indeed, fostering consists of nothing more than the combination of "eating" and "living," and so far, all the challenges prepared in these two aspects have been perfectly handled by the Starfire Foster Shop, leaving no room for criticism.

Are we going to just watch the other side complete the fostering so easily?

Keep in mind, there has never been a foster shop in so many sessions of foster experiences that has achieved full marks! Even the Pingtian Foster Shop has a considerable gap from perfect scores!

If a newly opened foster shop so easily obtains full marks, we, the judges, may well be accused of ’going easy’ on them.

"Don’t panic." Another lead judge remained rather composed, "The evaluation of the foster experience isn’t limited to just two dimensions."

"Besides the ’eating’ and ’living’ aspects, there’s one more: the possibility of sudden incidents during fostering."

"We’ve made quite a few arrangements for sudden incidents."

"I don’t believe that the Starfire Foster Shop can handle sudden incidents perfectly as well."

"They’re definitely going to encounter troubles they can’t solve!"

Hearing what the lead judge said, the other judges’ eyes brightened.

That’s right, there are sudden incidents!

Because the Starfire Foster Shop has performed too well in the current fostering, they had almost forgotten about this aspect.

Sudden incidents can be considered the finale challenge of the foster experience and the point where problems are most likely to arise in pet beast fostering.

The most important reason is that sudden incidents occur unpredictably.

In the "living" aspect of foster experiences, one only needs to prepare a suitable living environment for the pet beasts at the start, and there are generally no issues afterward.

In terms of "eating," once the dietary habits of different pet beasts are understood, one simply needs to feed at set times to ensure there are no problems.

Both of these caregiving methods are routine.

However, while taking care of these two points, no foster shop can monitor each pet beast twenty-four hours a day.

Therefore, once a pet beast experiences a sudden incident, it’s difficult for the foster shop to detect something wrong immediately and take perfect measures in response.

In foster experiences, this is the nightmare of all foster shops.

Because these points are like the essay in a Chinese exam, you’ve got to deduct some marks no matter what.

Thinking this, all the judges’ eyes lit up, and their faces showed a renewed fighting spirit.

They wanted to see how long the Starfire Foster Shop could hold out!

-----------------

"At last, I can take a break."

Xu Ran looked at the feeding plan in his hands and let out a slight sigh of relief.

He had already arranged the feeding schedule according to the dietary habits of all the fostered pet beasts, and through the first round of feeding, had grasped these pet beasts’ food preferences.

The subsequent feedings only needed to follow the chart.

"There are still two hours until the next feeding," Xu Ran put away the feeding plan, "I can take on some washing and protection work during this time."

Walking briskly out of the foster area, Xu Ran entered the storefront on the first floor.

As he opened the store door, passersby quickly took notice of Starfire Foster Shop’s situation.

Xu Ran didn’t have to wait long before a young girl entered the shop, carrying a cute rabbit-like pet beast in her arms.

"Welcome to Starfire~Foster!" Xu Ran greeted with a smile, ready to welcome the customer.@@novelbin@@

"Hey boss, does your shop do pet beast cleaning and caring?" the energetic girl asked as soon as she entered, curiously looking around at the interior of the store.

This seemed to be a newly opened foster shop; she wondered what the standards of their services were.

"Of course," Xu Ran said with a slight smile, pointing behind the girl, "The price menu is right behind you."

"Let me see…" the girl turned around and was startled after seeing the washing and protection price, "6666 for small pet beasts? Your shop is so expensive, isn’t it?"

Xu Ran’s smile remained unchanged; after all, he had heard this kind of skepticism countless times before.

He was just about to explain, but then he saw the girl hand over her rabbit-like pet beast without any hesitation, "Let’s wash it and see the result!"

Xu Ran: "…"

This time, it was his turn to be surprised.

There were many who thought Starfire Foster Shop’s fees were expensive, but it was the first time he saw someone who, while deeming it expensive, chose Starfire Foster without any hesitation.

Seeing Xu Ran’s surprise, the girl chuckled, "I’m a friend of Qi Yuanyuan!"

Realization dawned on Xu Ran’s face.

She was a client from yesterday who used the grooming service at the shop; it seemed the girl had come here drawn by the results of her friend’s pet beast’s grooming.

No wonder she was talking big but acting straightforward.

He took the pet beast from the girl and did a quick system identification on it.

[Race name: Snowflake Rabbit

Attribute: Ice

Growth stage: Transcendent Stage

Body type: Small size

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★★★☆

Evaluation: It’s well known that rabbits usually don’t make a sound unless they can’t help it, so, Host, use your hands filled with magic to make it cry out in sound!]

+1 to the system’s bad teasing.

A barely perceptible twitch appeared at the corner of Xu Ran’s mouth before he looked at the girl, "I will take your pet beast for the cleaning and caring now, do you want to accompany it, or…?"

"Accompany!" the girl laughed, "I haven’t experienced a 6666-worth grooming before!"