Chapter 717 - 342: The Unreasonable Bloody City

Unaware of the events transpiring in Xuanxing City after his departure, Xu Ran continued on his journey.

Even if he knew, he’d probably take it in stride.

After all, when it came to foster care conditions, Starfire Foster Care Shop had always been in a league of its own, unsurpassable.

When Xu Ran summoned the five pet beasts inside the Xieyun City Starfire Foster Shop, his arrival stirred the Fishing Old Man, who was watching the store, to promptly come to greet him.

"Boss, good to see you!"

Seeing the Fishing Old Man looking the same as always, complete with a straw hat and carrying a fishing rod even inside the shop, Xu Ran nodded and casually inquired, "How’s the business these days?" Continue your journey on empire

"The business is doing even better than before, the three of us are almost too busy to keep up," chuckled the Fishing Old Man. "After all, Xieyun City has been bustling with activity lately!"

"Oh?" Xu Ran’s eyes flashed with understanding, "Because of the second-tier town’s exchange battles?"

"That’s right," the Fishing Old Man nodded slightly, "These second-tier towns participating in the exchange battles have been arriving one after another, and many cities that aren’t participating have also sent people to watch the battles. Xieyun City has seen quite a few visitors from out of town during this time."

"Our Starfire Foster Shop has now unquestionably become Xieyun City’s number one, attracting a considerable number of beast masters from other cities who have heard of our reputation, which has added a substantial amount to our business."

"I see." Xu Ran nodded in realization and glanced outside the store.

As usual, customers were lined up outside the shop, but among the queue, a portion dressed differently from the locals of Xieyun City stood out, clearly from out of town.

"That’s good news," Xu Ran said with a casual smile, "Spreading fame ahead of time. Who knows, maybe we’ll open branches in the rest of those second-tier towns in the future?"

Although he hadn’t completed main task 4 and couldn’t see what main task 5 was, he felt that, judging by the system’s usual manner, his upcoming tasks would likely involve opening more branches.

"Boss, your business is bound to grow and strengthen," grinned the Fishing Old Man, "So, what brings you to Xieyun City this time?"

"Just passing through," Xu Ran spread his hands, "I have some matters to attend to with my pet beasts. Keep up the good work managing the shop, all three of you."

After speaking, Xu Ran left the shop with the five little ones without a second glance.

The Fishing Old Man’s mouth twitched slightly as he watched Xu Ran leave, and he lapsed into silence.

So... it was just a passing visit...

-----------------

"We’ve arrived."

At the ever-open grand gates of Xieyun City, a giant dragon with a body spanning over ten meters in length, its scales as dark as ink and eyes as red as blood, slowly descended. A group of figures swiftly jumped off its broad back.

The middle-aged man leading them looked towards Xieyun City with a touch of emotion, "This time, we’ve come mainly to broaden our horizons and gain some experience."

"Senior Gu, our timing couldn’t be better," a teenager among them said with excitement, "The city gates are open, so we can enter without waiting."

The middle-aged man surnamed Gu smiled more broadly at this comment.

Before he could respond, a girl holding a Flame Fox beside him spoke up, "Xieyun City isn’t like our Qingzhou City. The gates here are always open, and no transcendent beings would dare to invade."

Those who had never been to Xieyun City before were awestruck, whispering among themselves in surprise.

This group consisted of young beast masters traveling all the way from Qingzhou City.@@novelbin@@

Aside from those selected in the last sparring exchange, a few more young beast masters with equally good talents had joined the ranks.

And the middle-aged man leading the group was none other than Gu Wu.

Indeed, as Gu Wu said, their purpose was to witness the clashes between General Level Beast Masters from various second-tier towns, to see how powerful beast masters fight, and to enhance their knowledge.

"Let’s not stand around here," said Gu Wu, seeing the excitement on the faces of the young men and women as if seeing himself the first time he came to Xieyun City. His face softened into a smile, "Let’s go in."

"Okay!" Su Xiaoxiao, holding the Flame Fox, looked ahead eagerly at Xieyun City.

Boss Xu’s branch shop was in Xieyun City.

Here, she’d hopefully be able to meet him, right?

"Gu Ling, let’s go to the Starfire Foster Shop together later!" She nudged the girl beside her with her elbow and whispered, "I deliberately didn’t have Little Flame washed and groomed in Qingzhou City!"

"Sure," Gu Ling looked at her good friend and nodded with a smile.

With Gu Wu leading, the group made their way toward the city gates of Xieyun City.

The boys and girls visiting for the first time were curious about Xieyun City, snapping photos with their phones and marveling as they carried on, which Gu Wu did not rush, but merely slowed down slightly.

As they approached the city gate, a sudden angry shout came from behind their group.

"What are you pushing for? Are you blind?"

Gu Wu frowned slightly and turned around, only to see a beast master from Qingzhou City in a stare-down with another beast master.

"I’m not pushing! You bumped into me!" The Qingzhou City beast master named He Zhou protested with a hint of indignation, "And yet you have the nerve to blame me?"

"Nerve?" The accusing beast master’s expression darkened, "Say that again if you dare."

As his words fell, several beast masters dressed similar to him quickly gathered around, all looking rather hostile.

The other party was not alone; it was also a team entering the city, and their clothing style was different from the local fashion of Xieyun City, clearly indicating they were visitors from another city.

However, compared to the people from Qingzhou City, the strength of the other party was significantly higher by several levels.

The Beast Master who had a verbal altercation with He Zhou had a Leadership Stage Pet Beast following him and was a Leadership Level Beast Master. Among the other Beast Masters, quite a few were General Level Beast Masters.

"You..." Realizing that the opponent was no pushover, He Zhou’s face paled slightly, but his expression remained stubborn, and he wanted to continue the argument.

He hadn’t done anything just now. He had only been posing for a photo with his companions when suddenly a great force knocked him aside. Before he could react, the other party had accused him first, which was utterly infuriating.

Before He Zhou could speak, a hand landed on his shoulder.

Gu Wu patted He Zhou’s shoulder and forcefully brought him behind himself. Then, he stepped forward and looked at the Beetle Master in front of him.

"Sirs, we come from Qingzhou City and are here to watch the battle at the invitation of the Xieyun City Beast Master Association. Today’s incident is but a trifling matter; can we agree to let it go?"

"Qingzhou City? Never heard of it!" sneered the Leadership Level Beast Master, "What backwater peasants. Don’t think you can make us back down just by throwing Xieyun City’s name around."

"You want it to end? Fine, provide compensation." He pointed to a broken ornament on his shoulder. "This was carved from a General Stage beast bone, and it was damaged by your people. Demanding a Leadership Stage resource as compensation is not excessive, is it?"

The people from Qingzhou City all showed angry expressions.

"A General Stage beast bone shatters from a single touch?" Su Xiaoxiao looked at the other party with disgust and couldn’t help but speak out, "You’re extorting us!"

Gu Wu waved his hand at Su Xiaoxiao and cast a more fierce look towards the people in front of him, with the Red-eyed Demon Dragon behind him unleashing the suppression of the General Stage, "Which city are you from, and who is leading your team? Have him come out and speak to me."

"We come from Bloody City." A General Level Beast Master stepped forward from beside the Leadership Level Beast Master, with his General Stage Pet Beast also unleashing immense pressure, countering that of the Red-eyed Demon Dragon, "The leader is not here; I make the decisions here."

The standoff at the city gate had already drawn the attention of many passersby, and at the mention of "Bloody City," murmurs of conversation rippled through the crowd.

Gu Wu’s expression became even more serious.

Bloody City is a Second Level Town.

Moreover, it has some distinctions compared to other Second Level Towns.

Bloody City is built upon a special resource site.

The resources produced from this site are very important, and Bloody City has risen quickly by occupying it, defending against the attacks of Transcendent Beings from the outside.

But the abnormal Transcendent Power in the resource site has a certain influence on creatures who stay there for extended periods, amplifying their negative traits insidiously.

Greed, irritability, manic behavior...

The amplification of these negative traits made the Beast Masters living in Bloody City harder to deal with, quick to resort to violence over trivial matters.

He did not expect their luck to be so poor as to encounter these troublemakers.

The situation was clearly one where the other party was looking for trouble.

Although there was a significant power gap between the two sides, Gu Wu was not someone to be trampled upon either.

Having lived in Xieyun City for many years, he knew how to handle the current situation.

Without any hesitation, he took out his cellphone and dialed a friend’s number from within Xieyun City.

If you can’t beat them, call for backup!

Moments later, accompanied by a long cry, a giant eagle enveloped in the powerful aura of the King Stage descended from the sky.

From atop the giant eagle, a burly man leaped down and strode over to Gu Wu’s side, patting his shoulder, "Old Gu, it’s been a while since we’ve seen each other!"

"Indeed, it’s been a while," Gu Wu said with a smile, looking at Li Chang, his good friend of several years.

Once, both of them were General Level Beast Masters who had fought side by side on numerous occasions. Now, Li Chang had advanced to King Level, making him one of Gu Wu’s few connections.

"Come on, I’m hosting today; let’s go have a drink!" Li Chang gestured and began leading Gu Wu and the group from Qingzhou City away.

"Hold on!" A General Level Beast Master from Bloody City called out in a low voice, "You can leave, but leave the compensation behind!"

"Oh?" Hearing this, Li Chang’s eyes narrowed, his King Level presence pressing down, "I’m going to have drinks with my friend; do I need to ask for your opinion?"

"Bullying others based on your higher status; what kind of skill is that?"

At that moment, an indifferent voice rang out; a overpowering King Level presence exploded forth, dispersing the suppression brought by Li Chang’s Pet Beast.

Outside the city gate, a King Level Beast Master walked steadily forward.

And his attire was identical to that of the people from Bloody City.

He was the true leader of the group from Bloody City.

"I was but a step late, and you’ve already caused trouble," the leader chided the other Beast Masters from Bloody City as he approached, then turned to Li Chang and the people from Qingzhou City, "But you will not escape the compensation you ought to pay."

-----------------

[Another 4,000 words to go, working furiously]