Chapter 721 - 345: The Might Of The Poison Fire Bear, Silent Abyss

"Luhou!" (I’ve evolved!)

Watching its companions rushing towards it, the firefly slowly extinguished the flames burning around its body and raised its paws to let out a cheer.

After the evolution, its originally not-so-large body now stood upright at about three meters tall, and its body type had transformed from a cub-like bear to that of an adult bear, losing some of its juvenile cuteness and gaining an air of ferocity and strength.

The flame-colored fur that covered its body had now turned into a more vibrant cherry red, with only the fur on its chest retaining some of the flame-colored hairs, interweaving into a pattern of flames, like a brand.

The fire that constantly enveloped the original double ears of the firefly had now moved to the forehead, like a third eye above the eyebrows, making the firefly look extraordinarily valiant.

Its robust paws casually swung, sending sparks flying and continuously burning on the ground with "crackling" sounds.

[Illustration is still being drawn, to be added later]

At this moment, it displayed the form of a Poison Fire Bear.

"Finally, the evolution is a success," Xu Ran sighed with relief and said with a smile, "The evolution difficulty for you was probably even higher than Ziyun’s."

"Meow~" (Indeed it was.)

Ziyun nodded in agreement, thinking back on the perilous moments of the firefly’s evolution and could not help but break out in a sweat for it.@@novelbin@@

Although my own evolution was difficult due to having an additional attribute, it was never this dangerous.

"Luhou~" (Good thing I won!)

Thinking back to the previous fight with the Fire-tailed Bear Firefly, Firefly scratched its head, rubbed some sparks off its body with a hehe and a smile, and then, as if remembering something urgently, spoke out,

"Luhou~" (After absorbing the power of the Fire-tailed Bear, my skills seem to have changed!)

"Oh?" Xu Ran raised his eyebrows and casually opened Firefly’s panel.

Just right, let’s check out the skill situation of Firefly after its evolution.

[Contract Pet Beast: Firefly

Race name: Poison Fire Bear

Attribute: Fire Attribute

Growth stage: Leadership Stage (24.8w/30w)

Race stage: King Species

Skills:

[★★★ Burning Soul Body (Full Moon Level)] (0/10000) [+]

[★★★ Flame Dance Scorches the Sky (Full Moon Level)] (0/10000) [+]

[★★★ Scorching Heart Flame (Full Moon Level)] (0/10000) [+]

[★★★ Fluid Fire Avoidance (Waning Moon Level)] (698/2000) [+]

[★★★ Crimson Flame Eyes (Waning Moon Level)] (876/2000) [+]

[★★★ King’s Power (Stardust Level)] (0/100) [+]

[★★ Fire Eating (Stardust Level)] (0/100) [+]

The last two skills were new skills added after Firefly’s evolution; the five skills before them were Firefly’s original skills.

At a glance, Xu Ran noticed two of the first five skills had changed their names compared to before.

The first was Burning Soul Body.

This skill, upgraded from a two-star Flame Body, would have typically been named Demon Flame Body.

The change in skill name meant the effects of the skill had also changed.

The second was Scorching Heart Flame.

This skill, upgraded from a two-star Undying Flame, would normally have been Eternal Burning Flame, but now it too had changed.

The change of a three-star talent skill usually only occurred during Ziyun’s evolution.

However, Ziyun’s evolution had added a new attribute, causing a change in the attribute of the talent skill, which was the reason for its skill change.

Firefly did not gain a new attribute during its evolution process.

Therefore, the reason for this change could very likely be related to Firefly’s experience in clashing with its own Fire-tailed Bear power during the evolution process.

Perhaps, with a portion of the Fire-tailed Bear’s power remaining in its body, its past skills were not purely those of a Fire Ear Bear.

After completely suppressing and absorbing the power of the Fire-tailed Bear, the talent skills of Firefly changed, and in the process of evolution, two new skills were added.

Grasping the reason, Xu Ran stroked his chin with an interested expression, "Let’s go out and test the power of the new skills."

"Luhou!" (No problem!)

Firefly nodded vigorously, its face showing an eager expression.

Through the new memories appearing in its mind, it already knew the general details of the new skills, which it liked very much.

One human and five beasts strode out of the cave following the direction they had entered and arrived at an open space nearby.

Firefly took two steps out, the flame on its brow instantly exploded into a large blaze of burning light, and as it made a charging motion through the flames, its body was instantly covered with hot and sticky profound flames.

This flame was completely different in color from ordinary flames; the cherry red fire was bright but not blinding, yet it conveyed a sense of danger.

Scanning the surroundings, Firefly quickly took a liking to a bare rock nearby. It walked up to it swiftly and then smashed down on it with a fierce paw.

"Boom!!"

With a deep thunderous roar, the rock instantly shattered into dozens of pieces, each enveloped in the cherry red flames, continuing to burn.

Under the watchful eyes of Xu Ran and the other four little ones, the cherry red flames slowly weakened until they disappeared. However, the crimson color on the surface of the rocks deepened even more.

That was Fire Poison.

Though the flames dissipated, the Fire Poison remained on the rocks.

One could imagine, if the strike had hit a living being instead of a rock, the Fire Poison would have eroded the victim’s body with each attack, causing continuous damage.