Chapter 715 - 341: Kill The Exhibition In Advance!_2

"Hmm?" Xu Ran glanced at Twelve, and then his eyes lit up.

He had been so focused on using Twelve as a translator that he almost forgot about Twelve’s other abilities. Explore stories on empire

"Good, give it a try!" He nodded without hesitation, then turned to Sweet Bell gently and said, "Don’t resist, let’s see if we can alleviate your mood."

Sweet Bell nodded slightly.

If possible, it naturally hoped its mood would improve as well.

At that moment, Twelve’s sea-blue eyes rippled like a tranquil lake, patterns of strange, flickering light echoing across them.

An invisible force suddenly burst forth, enveloping Sweet Bell.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level·Endless Sleep.

The recently advanced Full Moon Level Endless Sleep erupted with powerful might, instantly plunging Sweet Bell into a deep slumber, falling into a profound level of sleep.

The strength of Sweet Bell was merely at the Leadership Stage.

Twelve, at the General Stage, could easily make it sleep for several hours.

However, merely putting Sweet Bell to sleep wouldn’t solve the problem.

The extreme dip in its mood had affected its own state; even in sleep, it furrowed its brows, its expression pained, its body occasionally twitching.

This was a sign of having nightmares.

"It’s up to you now," Xu Ran said softly.

"Chirp~" (Leave it to me!)

Twelve nodded quickly, and the sea-blue halo in the depths of its eyes intensified a few shades. Using the special abilities of the Sleeping Bird, its consciousness instantly descended into Sweet Bell’s realm of dreams.

The dreamscape of Sweet Bell was a barren and shattered world, scarred with ravines of varying depths that represented the embodiment of Sweet Bell’s pain.

Instead of devouring the nightmare whole, Twelve carefully flew over one of the ravines, peering down into it.

The ravine twisted, soon revealing a somewhat tattered scene.

In the scene, a human Beast Master lauded and praised another Pet Beast, with Sweet Bell standing by, evident envy and loss in its eyes.

Were these Sweet Bell’s Beast Master and companions?

Twelve speculated, then swiftly flew over another ravine.

The ravine quickly contorted, revealing another scene in which Sweet Bell fought against the lauded Pet Beast, who was stronger and soon left Sweet Bell battered and bruised.

Twelve flew on without a word toward yet another ravine.

This ravine revealed a scene where Sweet Bell had been injured fighting Transcendent Beings outside the city.

One after another.

Twelve traversed the tattered dream world, peering into all the past events that caused Sweet Bell’s negative emotions.

These past events originated from companions, Beast Masters, and formidable foes alike.

It was these memories that caused Sweet Bell’s mood to suddenly spiral uncontrollably.

Having seen these ravines, Twelve had an idea.

It flapped its wings, transforming into a blue arc across the sky, and swiftly reached the central void of the dream world.

Invisible power burst from Twelve’s body, spreading in all directions and soon encompassing the entire dreamscape.@@novelbin@@

Everything around began to twist and transform; the broken world was instantaneously filled with birdsong and the fragrance of flowers, infused with all elements of happiness and sweetness.

Three Star Skill, Halo Level·Flawless Illusion Realm.

It watched as Sweet Bell, awestruck, looked around the dream world, then quietly departed.

Have a pleasant dream.

Back in the cave, Twelve slowly opened its eyes and gave Xu Ran a nod.

Xu Ran turned to look at Sweet Bell. Where it had been tense, spasming occasionally with an expression of pain, now it lay naturally relaxed with a eased countenance, even bearing a faint smile.

The Pleasure value also completely reverted to normal at this moment, even showing a slight increase.

Xu Ran exhaled deeply.

He knew that tonight, Sweet Bell would not be emo anymore.

But the next moment, a sudden message caused Xu Ran’s expression to stiffen slightly.

[Joy Value Reminder: Pleasure value of the fostered Pet Beast Jade Fang Dragon has dropped significantly]

Xu Ran couldn’t help but sigh.

At this rate, he was the one who was going to be emo tonight.

-----------------

Time passed swiftly, and soon it was the next morning.

Seeing the organizer’s staff appear outside the Foster Shop, Xu Ran fully relaxed and finally let go of the anxiety he had held.

From last night till now, he had experienced eight instances of abnormal drops in Pleasure value, five of which were due to late-night emo, with the remaining three caused by other reasons.

Fortunately, with Twelve’s assistance, each of these incidents had been timely and properly handled.

The cost, however, was that he hadn’t been able to meditate properly all night.

"Fostering time is over, thank you for your hard work." Compared to the day before, the staff members’ smiles were significantly brighter, and the looks they gave Xu Ran even held a measure of respect.

Although not a judge, being staff of the organizers, he was one of the first to understand the performance of Starfire Foster Care Shop.

It could be said that Starfire Foster Care Shop’s twenty-four-hour foster care performance shocked the entire Pet Beast Foster Experience Exhibition’s organizing department.

Perfectly meeting all the foster requirements of the Pet Beasts, perfectly accommodating their dietary habits, and perfectly dealing with all sudden emergencies.

Under three perfects, Starfire Foster Care Shop achieved the first perfect score in the exhibition’s history.

"I’ll go get them," Xu Ran said with a smile, turning to walk into the Foster area. Shortly after, he emerged with the twenty Pet Beasts for assessment.