Chapter 731 - 347: The Source Of Stars_3

The moment Elder Qi Yuan saw the words "Town Star Stone" on the manuscript, his curiosity got the better of him, and he began to read it directly.

However, after reading the manuscript, his emotions fluctuated greatly.

It was because the manuscript contained a secret related to the origin of the Town Star Stone.

The Town Star Stone, it turns out, is grown.

To birth a Town Star Stone, two conditions are necessary.

The first is that the surrounding environment contains an enormous amount of Star Power.

The second is to plant the seed of the Town Star Stone, a special resource known as Star Origin.

The Star Origin itself is not highly valuable.

But it can draw in the Star Power around it, allowing it to converge in a special way into root-like threads, extracting a vast amount of Star Power from the environment and condensing it into the Town Star Stone.

It serves as the catalyst for the birth of the Town Star Stone; without it, even if the Star Power was dense, the Town Star Stone could not be formed.

And after the birth of the Town Star Stone, the Star Origin remains unaffected.

It can continue to influence the surrounding Star Power, gathering a second or even more Town Star Stones.

Of course, this presupposes that the surrounding environment has enough Star Power to supply.

But this is nearly impossible.

Just the formation of one Town Star Stone caused the once Star Abyss to become the Silent Abyss; Elder Qi Yuan couldn’t think of any place that could support the birth of more than two Town Star Stones.

Besides, this manuscript also mentioned many other properties of Star Origin.

Slowly placing the manuscript down, Elder Qi Yuan wore a pensive expression on his face.

He recalled that not too long ago, Xu Ran had asked for clues about the Town Star Stone, and after scouring through information, he told Xu Ran that the Town Star Stone was born in the Silent Abyss.

Today, the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Xuanxing City just so happened to be closed temporarily.

Is it possible that Xu Ran went to the Silent Abyss in search of the clue to the Town Star Stone?

If that’s the case, would he have found the Star Origin?

The thought crossed his mind, and Elder Qi Yuan couldn’t help but laugh silently to himself.

After so many years, surely the Star Origin would have been discovered and taken away by now, right?

Elder Qi Yuan took out his phone, thought for a moment, and sent Xu Ran a message.

"There is a new clue about the Town Star Stone, remember to find me after you return to the city."

-----------------

Starfire Foster Care Shop in Xuanxing City.

In a flash, Xu Ran appeared inside the closed shop front, and the next second the Hexagram Star Array flickered behind him, five little ones swiftly walked out of the energy storm.

Having not obtained the clue to this little stone from Fang Canghai, Xu Ran was not too disheartened. He chatted with the other party for a few more words, hammered out the details of exploring the relics together, and after Fang Canghai left due to his busy schedule.

Xu Ran didn’t linger in Xieyun City either, and returned to Xuanxing City.

The Fame task had yet to be completed; since he was going to explore the ruins with Chairman Fang later, he had to raise Xuanxing City’s fame to 50% before that.

But, this was not the most pressing matter at the moment.

Xu Ran, astounded, took out the small stone that he had been carrying in his chest pocket.

This stone that was previously quite ordinary and smooth as jade, now burst out with unbelievably bright light, almost too dazzling to look at directly.

This sudden change immediately captured the full attention of all five pets.

"Chaa?" (Why did it suddenly light up?)

Cancan widened her eyes in surprise, staring at the stone in Xu Ran’s hand.

Shi’er wore a contemplative expression, slowly speaking up.

"Chiu~" (It seems it started when we arrived in Xuanxing City.)

"Xuanxing City... could there be something special here?" Xu Ran blinked, and then it dawned on him.

But Star was quicker to respond than he was.

"Xi Lu!" (It’s the Town Star Stone!)

Given that this stone was present at the birthplace of the Town Star Stone, it was natural to connect the two.

The biggest difference between Xuanxing City and the other places they had traversed was the presence of the Protective Star Formation.

And the Town Star Stone is the core of the Protective Star Formation.

"Indeed, this stone is connected to the Town Star Stone," Xu Ran said with a joyful expression, "What a pity that we can’t access the Town Star Stone in Xuanxing City. Otherwise, it would be worth trying to see what kind of connection they share."

"Ding dong—"

A crisp text message alert sounded, and Xu Ran instinctively picked up his phone.

"There is a new clue about the Town Star Stone, remember to find me after you return to the city."

Seeing this message from Elder Qi Yuan, his eyes brightened instantly.

New clues about the Town Star Stone?

This was truly double the joy.

He immediately called Elder Qi Yuan to confirm that he was available and without a second word, stood up.

"Let’s go, let’s pay a visit to Elder Qi Yuan." Xu Ran carefully placed the glowing stone into a box that would cut off the light, tucked it into his chest pocket, "What’s more, it’s a good opportunity to see if Elder Qi Yuan knows the origin of this stone."

"Xi Lu~" (Let’s go!)

Star gave a spirited neigh, its eyes full of excitement.

It felt it was one step closer to the Town Star Stone.

-----------------

"You’ve returned quite quickly."@@novelbin@@

In the Chairman’s office, Elder Qi Yuan sipped his tea, surprised by the sight of the person and five pets before him. "I thought you’d be out of the city for several days before coming back."

The reason he sent the text message was he had thought that Xu Ran was not in the city.

As soon as Xu Ran returned to Xuanxing City, any unread messages sent within the city would instantly be delivered to Xu Ran’s phone upon reconnecting to the network, with no chance of missing them.

"Didn’t go too far." Xu Ran smiled, "Just there and back, half a day was enough."