Chapter 729 - 347: The Source Of Stars

"This doesn’t seem to be a Town Star Stone, does it?"

Xu Ran held the stone dug up by Cancan in his hand, his face showing surprise and confusion.

He hadn’t expected to find something new here after the Town Star Stone had been taken away hundreds of years ago.

But the resource in front of him was clearly quite different from the Town Star Stone.

According to the Dark Demon Lion’s description, the Town Star Stone was a crystal, whereas the stone at hand was more like jade in texture, and although the Town Star Stone possessed a strong Star Power, this stone had it, but not much.

Moreover, their sizes were quite different.

The pit that held the Town Star Stone was big enough for a fist, but this small stone was only the size of a knuckle.

"Meow?" (Could it be an unevolved Town Star Stone?)

Ziyun speculated.

According to the Dark Demon Lion, the Town Star Stone could grow.

Perhaps this was a newly sprouted Town Star Stone that hadn’t yet grown?

"It’s possible, but not likely," Xu Ran stroked his chin, "And given the current content of Star Power in the Silent Abyss, even if it really is an unevolved Town Star Stone, it wouldn’t have the chance to grow."

"Chirp~" (Regardless, this stone must have some connection to the Town Star Stone.)

Twelve expressed its opinion.

"Indeed, so it is a discovery," Xu Ran chuckled, carefully storing away the knuckle-sized stone, "Let’s see if there are any other clues in the area."

One human and five Pet Beasts split up and dug three feet into the ground, not even sparing the Rock Wall.

However, aside from this stone, they found nothing else.

"It looks like this is as far as the exploration goes," Xu Ran said with a hint of regret, "After we go back, we’ll study the origins of this stone."

"Xi Lu~" (Great!)

Star neighed, carrying a hint of expectation.

For some reason, that small stone felt very special to it.

Although the Star Power contained within was not strong, it gave it a feeling of extreme purity, and when it paid careful attention, its own Star Power would be slightly stirred.

Therefore, this resource must be no simple thing.

Furthermore, since it was found where the Town Star Stone originated, perhaps with it, they really could find the Town Star Stone?

-----------------

The return journey was easier than the trip there because they had begun to understand the black fog, with Star continuously employing the Star Refusal Ring, successfully repelling the black fog and allowing the group to clearly see each other and the immediate surroundings.

Leaving the Silent Abyss, the grand walls of Xieyun City soon appeared before them, thanks to Star’s swift travel.

And just as Xu Ran entered the gates of the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Xieyun City, he saw an unexpected figure.

"Chairman Fang? What are you doing here?" He walked briskly up to Fang Canghai, a look of surprise on his face.

"Knowing you were coming back, I waited here especially for you," Fang Canghai chuckled, his gaze at Xu Ran behind Ziyun full of meaning, "If I had come later, I might have missed you again, right?"

"That..." Xu Ran gave an awkward chuckle.

Indeed, he had originally planned to directly transport to Xuanxing City after returning to Xieyun City.

"Congratulations on obtaining an Emperor Species Pet Beast," Fang Canghai smiled, "I thought I had enough expectations for your potential, but it seems I still underestimated the speed at which you become stronger."

As an Emperor Level Beast Master, Fang Canghai was well aware of the huge gap in strength between a Beast Master who possessed an Emperor Species and one who only had King Species.@@novelbin@@

Even though Xu Ran currently only had one Emperor Species, and even three of his Pet Beasts had not reached the King Stage, he could easily overpower his peers at the King Level Beast Master level.

"Maybe I’m just luckier," Xu Ran laughed, unconsciously petting Ziyun’s head.

Lucky...

Fang Canghai’s lips twitched slightly.

This young man in front of him was good in many ways, but he was too perfunctory when putting others off, not even bothering to change his excuse.

"I’d like to have that kind of luck too," Fang Canghai laughed at himself, then his expression became slightly more serious, "I came to ask a favor of you this time."

"What is it?" Xu Ran’s expression turned to one of surprise.

Fang Canghai seeking his help?

Could there be something that he, an Emperor Level Beast Master, couldn’t do, but Xu Ran could?

"This isn’t something that needs to be done right now," Fang Canghai glanced around, "It will happen after the exchange battle ends and the City Alliance is established."

He paused for a moment before continuing, "Do you know about the Mysterious Light Channel?"

"Of course, I do," Xu Ran nodded.

The Mysterious Light Channel was the largest and most ancient Extraordinary Zone in the 47th Beast Field, occupying a tenth of its territory.

It was incredibly mysterious, and not only was it difficult for human powerhouses to enter, but Transcendent Beings also struggled to survive there. If other Extraordinary Zones were human no-go areas, then the Mysterious Light Channel was a no-go area for life itself.

"After reaching the Emperor Stage, I once ventured to the deepest part of the Mysterious Light Channel," Fang Canghai paused again, "There, I saw things I have never seen before."

"I suspect that the deepest parts of the Mysterious Light Channel contain ruins."

"Traces of a past that no one has ever known."

Xu Ran’s face showed a look of astonishment, "What do you mean by that?"