Chapter 734 - 348: He Was Defeated By The Power Of Money!_2

The Pet Beasts chosen by the hosts for evaluation all have certain problems, more or less, making them quite troublesome to deal with. Read latest stories on empire

These issues are very well hidden and utterly irregular, so no Foster Shop can cover every base and satisfy them all.

The more perfection a foster environment and service can achieve, the more problems it can cater to, naturally leading to higher scores.

To earn a perfect score, it means that all hidden issues of the twenty Pet Beasts must be discovered and resolved without causing any dissatisfaction from the Pet Beasts’ evaluators during the process, which is nearly impossible.

Even the consistently top-ranking Pingtian Foster Shop fluctuates around ninety points every time.

How could this fledgling Starfire Foster Shop score a perfect grade?!

"Which Foster Shop is next in line?" Zou Cheng asked in a deep voice.

"It’s Yang Guang Pet Boarding." The employee quickly replied.

"Yang Guang..." Zou Cheng’s eyes narrowed for a moment before he turned and left.

"Boss, where are you going?" The employee couldn’t help but call out.

"To Starfire Foster Shop," Zou Cheng responded without looking back, "I want to see for myself what kind of Foster Service can earn a perfect score."

-----------------

"Business seems pretty good today," Xu Ran couldn’t help but stretch after attending to another customer.

Probably because the shop was closed yesterday, there were unusually more customers today, and one thing was very peculiar.

Almost every customer expressed the desire to tour the Foster area, even if they had no immediate need for fostering.

Xu Ran initially led the customers on the tour himself, but as the number of visitors increased, he felt overwhelmed and simply handed the task over to Twelfth.

If it was just a matter of communicating and introducing, Twelfth, having followed Xu Ran many times, was completely capable of handling it. If customers really had foster needs, he could step in afterward.

Sure enough, with Twelfth’s help, the efficiency increased significantly, and Xu Ran could focus entirely on Washing and Protection, drastically speeding up the pace of receiving customers.

"Welcome!" Sensing a new customer entering, Xu Ran quickly straightened his body, flashing a signature smile.

However, the expression of the customer who entered this time seemed a bit unsightly.

"You must be Boss Xu from Starfire Foster Shop," Zou Cheng looked Xu Ran up and down calmly, "I am the owner of Mad Wolf Foster Shop, Zou Cheng."

While introducing himself, Zou Cheng inwardly scorned.

The storefront might be nicely decorated, but what could a young whippersnapper like this kid amount to?

"Good to meet you, Boss Zou," Xu Ran slightly restrained his smile, noticing the other party didn’t seem to come for business, "May I ask what brings you here?"

"I’m here to take a look at your shop," Zou Cheng said somewhat stiffly, "Can I see the price list?"

"It’s behind you," Xu Ran pointed towards the direction behind Zou Cheng.

Upon turning around, Zou Cheng’s expression instantly became animated.

The prices here were twice that of his foster shop.

Only after a full year of service improvement and foster environment expansion did his shop dare to raise its prices to the current level.

On what basis does Starfire charge double?

But remembering Starfire’s possibly perfect performance, Zou Cheng forcefully swallowed the criticism that was on the tip of his tongue.

"Could you show me your Foster area?" Zou Cheng said solemnly.

"No problem," Xu Ran glanced to his side.

Twelfth appeared and cried out.

"Cheep~" (Follow me, I’ll take you to the Foster environment.)

Zou Cheng’s expression darkened.

He was, after all, the owner of a foster shop, and not only did Xu Ran not personally show him around, he didn’t even arrange for an employee?

He was being received by a Pet Beast.

Absolutely outrageous!

But this was where Zou Cheng misunderstood Xu Ran. If Xu Ran knew what Zou Cheng was thinking, he would certainly feel wronged.

He also wanted to have an employee do the hosting, but he needed to have one first.

Reaching 50% Fame was still a ways off.

Despite feeling even more disgruntled, Zou Cheng said nothing more and followed Twelfth inside.

He hadn’t forgotten his purpose for coming here.

That was to see for himself just what the Foster environment of Starfire Foster Shop was like.

If it really was better than Mad Wolf’s, and by a lot, he would concede.

Beyond that, he harbored the notion to steal some secrets.

Fostering after all isn’t that different.@@novelbin@@

If Starfire Foster really could make the Pet Beast evaluators’ fostering experience reach full marks, then they must possess some unique tricks.

If he could learn a thing or two...

Then Mad Wolf Foster Shop could definitely improve.

The current state of Mad Wolf was achieved precisely by taking cues from Pingtian Foster Shop.

With such a mindset, Zou Cheng followed Twelfth and soon reached the Foster area.

Looking at the vast expanse of Foster space, he stood in place, rubbing his eyes in disbelief, "What the hell is this?"

"You built the Foster space with Space Expansion Technology?!"

With just one glance, Zou Cheng felt his lips trembling.

Seeing the Foster area filled with rich Extraordinary Energy, in his eyes, each inch was stuffed with innumerable amounts of Money.

How much money would that be...

If his Mad Wolf Foster Shop also had such a huge Foster area...

Zou Cheng couldn’t even dare to think about it.

"Stay calm, this is only the beginning," Twelfth glanced at Zou Cheng with a chuckle in its mind.

It was accustomed to seeing surprised customers, and it wasn’t pleased with Zou Cheng’s bluster, so it was time to give him a proper shock.

"Each pet beast at our Foster Shop has its independent living area, approximately one thousand meters in length and width, sufficient for most Pet Beasts to move freely."