Chapter 732 - 347: The Source Of Stars_4

If we don’t count the distance for the transmission from Xuanxing City to Xieyun City.

Qi Yuan nodded slightly and dismissed the earlier speculation in his mind.

Since Xu Ran was able to return within a day, it seemed he hadn’t gone to the Silent Abyss, and it was a misunderstanding on his part.

However, this was also a good thing.

Continue your adventure with empire

If he told Xu Ran the secrets of the Town Star Stone, he would be more careful when he went to the Silent Abyss in the future. If luck was on his side, what if he really found the Star Origin?

"I called you here this time because of this." Qi Yuan carefully picked up the manuscript of the second lord of the city and placed it on the table, "This manuscript, from the creator of the city’s protective Star Array, is related to the origin of the Town Star Stone."

"Oh?" In just a moment, Xu Ran’s interest was piqued.

"From this manuscript, I learned some information that I hadn’t understood before." Qi Yuan paused slightly before continuing, "There’s a special kind of resource called the Star Origin..."

He briefly explained the relationship between the Star Origin and the Town Star Stone, and then continued.

"This Star Origin is said to be related to the very beginning of Star Power’s origin. Apart from being able to give rise to Town Star Stones, Transcendent Beings that wield Star Power can carry it over time to purify Star Power."

"Besides, there is another very important characteristic."

"When the Star Origin is very close to a Town Star Stone, it will emit a bright light that will never extinguish until they are separated."

"If you obtain the Star Origin, your difficulty in finding another Town Star Stone will be greatly reduced." Qi Yuan became more serious as he explained this point, "After so many years, I don’t know if the Star Origin is still in the Silent Abyss."

"If you go there, remember to look out for the whereabouts of the Star Origin."

After Qi Yuan finished speaking, both Xu Ran and the five Pet Beasts wore particularly odd expressions.

As Qi Yuan was describing the connection between the Star Origin and the Town Star Stone, they had felt an uncanny familiarity.

The thin strands, which transported Star Power like roots, and the stone underneath the Town Star Stone that resembled a seed...

All these descriptions matched the stone that had come into the possession of one man and five Pet Beasts.

What finally confirmed it for them was the fact that the Star Origin would emit a dazzling light when it neared the Town Star Stone.

The truth was, what they had excavated from the Silent Abyss was the Star Origin itself.

With this Star Origin in hand, they could grow a Town Star Stone.@@novelbin@@

Of course, this process would require a waiting time of more than a decade, and also an environment where the concentration of Star Power was not inferior to the Star Abyss.

With this in mind, growing a Town Star Stone clearly wasn’t a practical possibility.

It would be more convenient to use the Star Origin as a detector to find another Town Star Stone.

Even if there was none in the 47th Beast Field, perhaps a visit to other Beast Emperor-level Beast Fields might yield something?

Moreover, the effect of the Star Origin in purifying Star Power was also critical for the Star creature.

If all the Dark Power could be removed, leaving only the Star Power, wouldn’t the Star creature directly achieve the crucial step of attribute jump?

But even if this step were truly feasible, it would take at least hundreds to thousands of years. Given the current rate of the Star creature’s advancement, it would have evolved into a Saint Spirit by then.

"What’s with that expression?" Qi Yuan, after taking a sip of his tea and finishing speaking, looked up only to find the strange looks on Xu Ran and the five Pet Beasts.

"This... Elder Qi, if things are as expected..." Xu Ran started somewhat hesitantly, "the Star Origin you mentioned, we might already have it?"

"Pfft!"

Qi Yuan couldn’t help but spit out his tea, coughing several times, before looking at Xu Ran in disbelief, "What did you just say? You already have what?"

"See for yourself." Xu Ran fell silent for a moment, then reached into his chest and pulled out the box containing the Star Origin and opened it.

The dazzling light, no longer confined by the box, instantly lit up the office, and also illuminated Qi Yuan’s stunned expression.

Drawing near the Town Star Stone, it automatically glowed, and its surface had a scattering of rare and pure Star Power, looking as smooth and radiant as jade, with a degree of translucence.

All the descriptions perfectly matched those in the manuscript.

Could it really be the Source of the Stars?

"You didn’t go to the Silent Abyss, did you?" Qi Yuan couldn’t help but ask.

"We did, didn’t we?" Xu Ran blinked, "Our trip out of the city this time was to the Silent Abyss."

"To the Silent Abyss? A round trip takes only half a day?" Qi Yuan felt a bit itchy in his head, as if he was growing a brain.

This speed was just too outrageous.

Even for him, steering an Overlord-stage Pet Beast to the Silent Abyss and back would take half a day, and that’s not even including the time to search for resources.

How on earth did Xu Ran do it?

-----------------

"There, all set!"

Inside the Foster Shop, Xu Ran hung a pendant he made by hand around the neck of Starfire, nodding in satisfaction.

The pendant part of the handcraft was made from a box crafted out of Dark-type Resource Black Cloud Crystal, which held the Source of the Stars.

The Black Cloud Crystal had the ability to absorb light, and using it to fashion a box for the Source of Stars allowed the blinding brightness to be firmly confined inside the box, without impacting the Source’s purification of Starfire’s Star Power.

A truly genius idea.

After flattering himself, Xu Ran’s gaze fell on another pendant also hanging around Starfire’s neck.

That too was a material needed for Starfire’s evolution, the Dawn Star Radiance.

The two resources infused with Star Power resonated with each other, and Xu Ran felt as if he could already see Starfire starting to evolve.

The Town Star Stone was not far off now!

Suddenly thinking of something, Xu Ran raised his hand to open the task panel.

[Main Task 4: Branching Out

Task Description: Please establish branches in four different Second Level Towns. A branch is considered successfully established when its Fame reaches over 50%. The task is a stage task, with rewards issued in stages.

Task Reward: System Skill Upgrade Command x1, System Upgrade Experience +600]

[Current Stage Task: Successfully establish branches in four different Second Level Towns.

Task Progress: 3/4

Xieyun City (Completed)

Monster Wooden City (Completed)

Bright Radiance City (Completed)

Xuanxing City (16.2/50)

Stage Task Reward: System Clerk x3]

Thanks to a good reputation, the Starfire Foster Care Shop had already begun to make its mark in the past few days of business, with Fame growing by the day.

Despite pausing business for a day, the increase in Fame not only did not diminish, but it actually rose.

Xu Ran clearly remembered that when he left Xuanxing City that morning, the Fame was only at 11.4%, but now it had reached 16.2%.

The fact that closing the doors actually increased the Fame even more gave Xu Ran the impulse to continue the suspension of business.

Of course, he also knew that such an increase in Fame would not last.

Business had to be conducted honestly to truly succeed.

-----------------