Chapter 730 - 347: The Source Of Stars_2

"Hmm..." Fang Canghai pondered for a moment and then spoke slowly, "I think you should know that the earliest appearance of Transcendent Beings dates back to about a thousand years ago."

"Initially there were only a few, but in the subsequent hundred or so years, their numbers increased at an extremely fast rate until they completely occupied the world, supplanting its original inhabitants and becoming the new masters of this world."

"However, the reproduction of Transcendent Beings is quite difficult; theoretically, they shouldn’t have been able to grow at such an exaggerated rate." Fang Canghai’s voice paused, "So there has been a hypothesis for a long time that Transcendent Beings are not from this world."

"They might come from another world, simply having been transferred here by some kind of power."

"Even... to this day, there may be channels we don’t know about, connecting two worlds and allowing Transcendent Beings to appear continuously."

"Is there such a theory?" Xu Ran was startled.

Having crossed into this world, he was certain that outside this world, there must be other worlds, but this was the first time he truly came into contact with such secrets.

"So... Chairman Fang, the ruins you mentioned just now?" Xu Ran vaguely thought of something and his eyes gradually widened, "Could it be?"

"Yes, it’s exactly what you are thinking." Fang Canghai nodded slowly, "That relic might very likely originate from the other world where Transcendent Beings exist."

"This is a crisis, but it also may contain extremely important opportunities."

"After the formation of the Alliance, I will invite all the Overlord Level Beast Masters to go there together, however, as a King Level Beast Master, you are the first one I have invited."

Fang Canghai looked at Xu Ran seriously, "So, what are your thoughts?"

"Go!" Xu Ran responded without hesitation.

With such an opportunity, only a fool would not go.@@novelbin@@

Xu Ran was full of curiosity about the potential existence of another world.

Even if he obtained nothing, it would still be good to broaden his horizons.

"That’s good to hear," Fang Canghai smiled, "How shall I contact you when the time comes?"

"Uh..." Xu Ran blinked and then looked towards the Fishing Old Man who was attending to customers not far away, "You can inform the store manager. He has a way to contact me."

"Alright," Fang Canghai nodded slightly, then his tone shifted, "Regarding Bloody City, I’ve already sent people to warn them."

"Even though their behavior is influenced by other factors, this is not an excuse for their rampant actions in Xieyun City."

"If there is a next time, I will personally go to have a chat with their chairman."

"Thank you, senior." Xu Ran’s smile became even more splendid.

Leaving Xieyun City, his only concern was for the people in Qingzhou City.

The Beast Masters from Bloody City were not easy to get along with and might seek revenge afterwards.

When he intervened earlier, he had already threatened them, but such threats were ultimately not as intimidating as Xieyun City’s own pressures.

With Chairman Fang’s personal involvement, things would be much simpler.

"You’re welcome," Fang Canghai smiled, "It’s just a small effort. Should you need help with anything else, you can also come to me."

"Beast Field No. 8 could dispatch powerful figures at any time. Having one more powerful Beast Master adds to our confidence in confronting them."

"Sure," Xu Ran said, as Fang Canghai put it that way and he was not being polite any longer.

As it happened, he had something he wanted to consult with him.

"Chairman Fang, have you heard of Town Star Stone?"

"Town Star Stone?" Fang Canghai raised an eyebrow, "Centuries ago, Silent Abyss had one, which was taken by the second city lord of Xuanxing City and turned into the current Guardian Star Array."

"I haven’t heard anything about the whereabouts of any other Town Star Stones," Fang Canghai glanced at Xu Ran, then naturally his gaze fell on Star, "Are you planning to use a Town Star Stone as Evolution Materials for it?"

After all, being an Emperor Level Beast Master, Fang Canghai could see at a glance that the Dark Power within Star was somewhat special, mixed with Star Power.

Such a Pet Beast successfully evolving into an Emperor Species held a high potential of reaching sainthood.

It would indeed be a grand gesture to use a Town Star Stone as a purification material.

"I do have that idea," Xu Ran scratched his head, "The only problem now is that I can’t find a Town Star Stone."

"You went to Silent Abyss this time, didn’t you?" Fang Canghai smiled, "Unfortunately, that place probably can’t produce a second Town Star Stone."

"Indeed, but we found this in Silent Abyss," Xu Ran took out the stone they found, "Chairman Fang, do you know what this is?"

"Let me see." Fang Canghai’s expression changed slightly as he took the stone and examined it carefully for a moment before shaking his head with regret.

"I cannot discern the details of this stone."

-----------------

"Could there really be such stones?"

Inside the study of Chairman Qi Yuan at the Xuanxing City Beast Master Association, Qi Yuan looked at an extremely ancient manuscript with faded lettering in surprise.

In the last couple of days, he had just happened to sort out the books in his study—arranging various martial arts books and other miscellaneous texts into categories—and then stumbled upon this manuscript sandwiched in one of the books.

At a glance, he recognized its owner from the handwriting on the manuscript.

If nothing was unexpected, it should have been left by the second city lord of Xuanxing City.

The second city lord of Xuanxing City was also a remarkable person.

During his living years, the most powerful Second Level Town in Beast Field No. 47 was not Xieyun City but Xuanxing City.

As the only Emperor Level Beast Master in all of Beast Field No. 47, it was he who took the Town Star Stone and created the Star Array that protected Xuanxing City for hundreds of years.