Chapter 733 - 348: He Was Defeated By The Power Of Money!

```

The following morning.

The bustling streets were not yet crowded, as the peak hours for the commercial district had not arrived. However, in front of one tightly shut store, a long line of customers had already formed.

They fixed their eyes on the door, whispering amongst themselves.

"Do you think Boss Xu will open up today?"

"I reckon he will. There’s no ’temporarily closed’ sign on the door today."

"If that’s the case, I think it will indeed open."

"Speaking of which, have you guys heard a bit of gossip?"

"What gossip?"

"This year’s Pet Beast Foster Experience Exhibition is no longer suspenseful."

"I remember the exhibition just started the day before yesterday, right? Each participating foster shop needs one day, so it should take at least half a month. How can there be no suspense already?"

"You might not believe it, but it’s true. This time, one of the shops in the exhibition received a full score on their experience review."

"What? A full score? Impossible!"

"Yeah, isn’t that outrageous? Didn’t the previous leader, Pingtian Foster Shop, only have about ninety points?"

"I’ve heard the difficulty of this foster experience exhibition is quite high."

"I’m not kidding. There really is a full score, and it’s farther than the horizon yet closer than it seems."

"Wait... the one that got a full score is Starfire Foster Care Shop?!"

"If it’s Starfire Foster, then that makes sense. I’ve fostered here for a day before, and the environment... it’s hard to describe."

"Heh, how could you say ’hard to describe’? Let me put it this way, compared to other foster shops, the fostering environment here is totally from a different world."

"Is it that exaggerated? I’m going to check it out for myself in a bit."

"Yeah, me too. I want to check it out." Continue reading on empire

With nothing else to do, the waiting customers chatted among themselves. Soon, the news that Starfire Foster Care Shop had received a full experience score spread among all those in line.

When they looked again at the firmly shut doors of Starfire Foster, anticipation filled their eyes even more.

They didn’t have to wait long. Soon the large doors of Starfire Foster Care Shop began to slowly open, and the sight of the young figure that appeared caused a stir among the waiting customers.

-----------------

Across town in Xuanxing City, the scene at the front of Mad Wolf Foster Shop starkly contrasted with that at Starfire Foster. Zou Cheng, looking exhausted and lost, handed over twenty pet beast judges to the staff of the event organizers.

His exhaustion stemmed from the past 24 hours during which these twenty troublesome pet beast judges had turned the whole foster area upside down.

It wasn’t just that they went on hunger strikes, refusing to eat; they fought with other residents in the same area, and there were even pets that cried all night for no apparent reason and couldn’t be consoled. Not a single one of these pet beast judges was easy to deal with.

Even when multiple staff members gave it their all, they were still played for fools by these pet beast judges.@@novelbin@@

His confusion arose from the fact that, despite such efforts, the twenty pet beast judges still had not shown any signs of satisfaction toward him or the other staff.

He didn’t need the event organizers’ staff to tell him—he already guessed that his experience score this time would be terrible.

And it might be worse than any previous exhibition he had participated in.

As he watched the staff take the twenty pet beast judges away into the distance, the weariness and confusion on Zou Cheng’s face slowly turned to aggrievement.

He truly didn’t understand.

If the service was bad and he didn’t achieve a high score, he would have accepted that.

If it was just due to ranking that led to a low final score, he could have just said it was bad luck and tried harder next time.

But what was this?

He’d spent a year trying to improve the shop’s fostering environment and offered a service quality and attitude that far exceeded that of the last exhibition. How could it be worse than the previous one?

"Boss... Boss..."

In the midst of this heavy atmosphere, a staff member hurried over and spoke in a hushed tone, "I might know why the pet beast judges were dissatisfied."

"What reason?" Zou Cheng spun around, his breathing slightly labored as he looked at his subordinate, "Spit it out!"

"It’s... it’s the foster shop that was evaluated before us." The employee whispered, unable to help but lower his head.

"The foster shop before us?" It took Zou Cheng a few seconds to remember which one the staff member was referring to, "The new shop called Starfire Foster?"

"Yes... yes," the employee nodded, head drooping even lower.

A puzzled look appeared on Zou Cheng’s face.

Just a new shop, and it had affected their Mad Wolf Foster Shop?

"Clarify your words, look at me when you speak!" Seeing how the staff member was beating around the bush and avoiding eye contact, the hot-tempered Zou Cheng became even more agitated, "Stop beating around the bush."

"Yes!" The employee shuddered, quickly raised his head, bit the bullet, and blurted out as if he was staking everything on it, "I heard that Starfire Foster’s review score is expected to be a full score, they just haven’t announced it because it’s not time for the review yet."

"So..." He sneaked a peek at Zou Cheng’s face, which had become particularly animated, "After experiencing their service, the pet beast judges were especially dissatisfied with our service."

"Hiss..." Zou Cheng inhaled sharply, rubbing his cheeks with force, "You’re joking with me, right?"

"A new shop? A full score for the experience?"

Looking at his employee’s sincere expression, Zou Cheng’s face grew darker and darker until it was as black as the bottom of a pot, "Why would he get a full score?!"

Mad Wolf Foster Shop had participated in several Pet Beast Foster Experience Exhibitions, and although it had never achieved high scores before, Zou Cheng was very clear about how it all worked.

```