Chapter 743 - 351 Incoming Call From Xieyun City

After upgrading two Talent Skills to stars, the exchange of Star resources came to a pause.

Although there were still plenty of Value Points, there were no suitable resources worth exchanging, so the balance was temporarily kept, to be spent later when desirable resources were encountered.

With the opening of Starfire Foster Care Shop in Xuanxing City, the resources that could now be allocated had once again increased. The remaining Skill Fusion Stones and other resources were sufficient to upgrade two Three Star Skills to Four Stars.

Cancan and the twelve looked at each other.

"Chia!" (I and Twelve each upgrade a Four Star Skill!)

"Chiou!" (I agree.)

Twelve nodded its head, its eyes filled with anticipation.

Was it finally going to acquire its first Four Star Skill?

After watching the three little ones obtain Four Star Skills, it fully realized the vast gap between Three Star and Four Star Skills.

It could be said that just by having one Four Star Skill, its strength could easily increase by twenty to thirty percent.

Now, after obtaining the Evolution Path of the Emperor Species, it was finally its turn.

"Good." The two pets reached an agreement, and Xu Ran naturally had no objections.

First to undergo Skill upgrading was Cancan.

And this time, the Skill Cancan wanted to enhance was Giving Body to Fertile Soil.

Yes, it finally remembered that its best skill was Defense.@@novelbin@@

In the past few encounters with Quasi-Domineering Level, Cancan had realized that, because of the emphasis on Four Star Skills, it had slightly deviated from its path, and its Defense could only barely withstand the full force of Quasi-Domineering Level.

Giving Body to Fertile Soil, a powerful Skill providing defense for itself, would not only not affect Cancan’s agility in action, but it would also have a sticky effect on close-combat opponents.

If it could be upgraded to Four Stars, Cancan could disregard attacks from the same stage, and its combat ability would see a significant enhancement as it could brazenly strike out with Land of Destruction.

After a round of selection and discussion, Xu Ran finally determined the three Three Star Skills to be fused with Giving Body to Fertile Soil. The moment the forty-seventh Skill Fusion Stone dissipated, the words "Fusion Success" appeared before him.

[★★★ Giving Body to Fertile Soil (Halo Level)]（38237/50000）[+]

↓↓↓

[★★★★ Hollow Earth (Halo Level)]（38237/50000）[+]

Feeling the pleasure emerging around its body, Cancan couldn’t help but let out a joyful shout. Countless new Skill memories emerged, making its expression grow increasingly excited.

Clearly, this newly acquired Four Star Skill was extraordinary.

"What’s the effect of the new Skill?" Xu Ran curiously inquired.

Just by the name, he felt the Skill was powerful.

"Chia!" (This Skill can greatly immunize against all attacks!)

With just one sentence, Cancan surprised all four pets and one person.

Compared to the original Giving Body to Fertile Soil, Hollow Earth was an epic enhancement.

As the name "Hollow" implies, when exercising Hollow Earth, Cancan’s body would not be covered with dirt, but the Earth attribute Guardian Power would protect a larger area of the body in a way invisible to the naked eye.

Any attack that touched this Guardian Power would be weakened by the layered Earth attribute Power, leaving only a tiny fraction of it.

And once an opponent entered the range of Hollow Earth’s guardianship, the Skill would form an extremely strong binding effect, trapping them within.

Combining defense and control into one, the effect of Hollow Earth complements Cancan’s currently strongest offensive Skill Land of Destruction, forming a complete Skill chain. This means that Cancan, when facing the Quasi-Domineering Level again, would have the confidence to fight.

"Chiou!" (It’s my turn, it’s my turn!)

Seeing Cancan’s new Skill, Twelve was very envious and quickly urged on.

"Good," Xu Ran smiled, "which Skill do you plan to fuse first?"

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s question, Twelve responded without hesitation.

"Chiou!" (Lead Silk Vertical Soul!) Enjoy more content from empire

Twelve had considered for a long time how to fuse its Skills.

Among all the Skills, this was the one it wanted to enhance the most.

Because this special Skill, capable of controlling and influencing other creatures, was the first Skill Twelve had reached Full Moon Level, and it was still widely used to this day.

It was eager to know what special effects would emerge when Lead Silk Vertical Soul was upgraded to Four Stars.

"Good," Xu Ran nodded slightly, "for the remaining three fusion Skills, one will be fixed as Interwoven Virtuality and Reality, another Skill will be Bewildered Heart Branding which I previously taught you, and besides these two, we need one more Skill."

After speaking, he casually opened the Skill Fragment exchange for the Three Star Skill List, discussing with Twelve.

Before long, the person and the pet determined the last Skill.

After the consumption of forty-one Skill Fusion Stones, Twelve’s first Four Star Skill was born.

[★★★ Lead Silk Vertical Soul (Halo Level)]（12823/50000）[+]

↓↓↓

[★★★★ Soul Seal (Halo Level)]（12823/50000）[+]

"Chiou~"

Twelve’s eyes widened as it felt the pleasure from the Talent Skill upgrading spread throughout its body. More and more introductions about the Soul Seal Skill flooded into its mind, its eyes brimming with surprise and delight.

Indeed, its choice had not been wrong!

"Soul Seal…" Xu Ran stroked his chin, pondering over the meaning of the Skill name. Finally, he chose to ask directly, "What’s the effect of the Skill?"

Twelve looked spirited and began to introduce proactively.

Soul Seal fully inherited the effect of Lead Silk Vertical Soul to control multiple targets and further enhanced it on that basis to an epic level.

Twelve could preemptively condense Soul Seals, with a cap on the total amount that could be condensed. This cap would increase as the Skill Proficiency improved. With its current Halo Level status, the cap for Soul Seals was fifty.