Chapter 735 - 348: He Was Defeated By The Power Of Money!_3

"The few Pet Beasts with overly large body types can have their exercise needs met by expanding their living areas,"

"After all... our foster area is really quite large."

"Heh, those are the living areas of the Pet Beasts that have already checked in." Twelve pointed with his wings to the already occupied living areas, "These areas have been customized according to the Attributes and preferences of the Pet Beasts, and they absolutely meet their needs."

Zou Cheng fell silent.

Experience more tales on empire

With such generous accommodations, which Pet Beast wouldn’t be satisfied?

He had learned, but he had also been rendered obsolete.

The way of the Starfire Foster Shop was a path that his Mad Wolf Foster Shop couldn’t follow...

"What about the dietary aspect?" Clinging to his last hope, Zou Cheng slowly spoke, "May I take a look at your food preparation environment?"

"Of course, follow me." Twelve flapped his wings and flew toward a small building not too far away.

Entering the small building, various clean and sanitary cooking equipment caught Zou Cheng’s eye, and he couldn’t help but marvel at the astonishing completeness.

"Our menus are also tailored according to the likes and nutritional needs of the Pet Beasts." Twelve grabbed a sample menu with his claw and passed it to Zou Cheng, "This is an example."

Zou Cheng grabbed the list, furrowing his brows as he started to read.

Although he only had one copy of the menu, if he could discern something from it, perhaps he could learn a thing or two.

Back in the day, he had looked at a few menus from Pingtian Foster Shop and, after several months of overnight research with a group of employees, came up with the current nutrition menu for Mad Wolf Foster Shop.

He believed that as long as he could memorize this menu and study it upon returning...

What?

As he read on, Zou Cheng’s expression became bewildered.

This was not right!

This was very wrong!

Because each city’s surrounding environment and resources are different, with extremely difficult resource exchange, the resource situation in every city is actually different.

A certain resource could be common and cheap in one city, yet scarce and expensive in another.

This menu had a large number of resources that were rare and pricey in Xuanxing City, and if calculated according to the prices of resources in Xuanxing City...

Doing a quick calculation, Zou Cheng’s face completely changed.

He originally thought the fostering prices at Starfire Foster Care Shop were outrageously high.

But if going by this menu, they were actually losing money on the deal.

That didn’t even count the cost associated with the foster area.

How could this be learned?

It simply couldn’t!

No, what on earth was going on with this shop?

Could it be that what defeated him was financial power?!@@novelbin@@

-----------------

"Boss Zou, how do you feel?"

Noticing Twelve’s return, Xu Ran turned his head and asked.

Zou Cheng seemed not to hear Xu Ran’s question; he numbly followed behind Twelve, his eyes vacant and especially hollow.

Seeing this, Xu Ran and Twelve exchanged a look.

Did you use Lead Silk Vertical Soul on him?

How could I? Absolutely not!

Really?

Really!

Assured that Twelve had done nothing, Xu Ran let out a small sigh of relief.

"Boss Zou, are you alright?"

Zou Cheng stopped beside Xu Ran, pausing in his tracks.

He turned to look at Xu Ran, his eyes rapidly regaining their spark, and his serious, deep face quickly reddened around the eyes, tears brimming in his gaze.

"Boss Xu you..."

"You’re bullying people!"

Watching Zou Cheng wipe away his tears and stride out of the shop, Xu Ran was left looking confused.

He couldn’t help but glance at Twelve.

"Did you really..."

"Tweet!" (I really didn’t do anything!)

"Alright then..." Xu Ran scratched his head, "Boss Zou is pretty weird."

Seeing how fierce he was upon arrival, Xu Ran thought he had come to cause trouble.

It was a needless excitement.

Xu Ran stuck his head out and shouted towards the shop door.

"Next, please!"

Soon, a long-waiting customer entered the door with a cheery smile.

Xu Ran was again engulfed in the bustle, quickly forgetting the recent episode.

The business at Starfire Foster Care Shop was booming, but at this moment, another foster shop in Xuanxing City was plunged into chaos.

This foster shop was called Yang Guang Pet Boarding.

They ranked lower in Xuanxing City’s foster care industry, with average service quality, but they thrived on cheap pricing, targeting an ordinary customer base.

Logically, such a foster shop needn’t have participated in the competition since they couldn’t win a high ranking, but the boss of Yang Guang Pet Boarding was stubborn.

Since the registration was free and there was nothing to lose, they might as well give it a go.

Thus, in every Foster Experience Exhibition held, Yang Guang Pet Boarding participated, and this year was no exception.

Though participation was the goal, Yang Guang Pet Boarding still made thorough preparations, with everyone from the boss to the employees bringing their best game.

However, upon their arrival in the foster area, the twenty Pet Beast judges dealt a heavy blow to Yang Guang Pet Boarding.

Having experienced the services of Starfire Foster Care Shop, they were already dissatisfied with Mad Wolf Foster Shop, a top-tier service in Xuanxing City, and now they were at the even worse Yang Guang Pet Boarding.

The consecutive declines in foster quality had the twenty Pet Beast judges utterly disheartened, and some with bad tempers were displaying irritable and angry behaviors, like kegs of gunpowder ready to explode at the slightest touch.

And the staff of Yang Guang Pet Boarding had made a significant oversight.

They incorrectly placed two Pet Beasts of incompatible natures in the same foster area.

Unsurprisingly, these two Pet Beasts quickly started fighting, and within a short time other Pet Beasts were also dragged into the combat, turning the whole foster area into an inexplicable melee.