Chapter 747 - 353: The Mysterious Place_2

"Boom!!"

The intense flames spread the rolling heat wave, setting off ripples in the space saturated with dazzling golden light, as the Light Attribute Power and the Fire Attribute Power collided instantly. The storm they stirred up in their mutual grinding tore the surrounding grass and trees away.

The figure of the firefly was sent flying ten meters back, and after taking a few heavy steps to steady itself, it raised its head, its eyes filled with burning flames.

"Squeak!"

The Crystal Golden Ape, struggling to recover from the storm, was also in bad shape. Although it held some advantage in strength due to its complete General Stage power, the strange brick-red flames were now covering the crystal stones on its body.

The continuous burning sensation reddened the golden crystals, and the lingering pain filled the Crystal Golden Ape’s gaze toward the firefly with an urge to kill.

Xu Ran’s eyebrows raised slightly.

The sudden attack and the almost innate malice of the Crystal Golden Ape puzzled him.

"Twelve, can you detect its past experiences?"

"Chiu~" (I’ll try.)

Twelve’s eyes turned, and it cast an Endless Sleep on the Crystal Golden Ape.

Watching the Crystal Golden Ape, which had murderous intent just a second ago, suddenly collapse, the firefly scratched its head, dispelled the flames that enveloped its body, and moved behind Xu Ran.

Twelve flapped its wings, lightly flying over the fallen Crystal Golden Ape. Its sea-blue eyes shimmered with bright blue patterns as they slowly closed.

Its consciousness skillfully sank into the Crystal Golden Ape’s Dream World.

A few breaths later, Twelve opened its eyes, looking down at the Crystal Golden Ape with astonishment.

"Chiu~" (Its dreams are filled with hatred for humans, wishing nothing more than to kill every human being.)

"Could there be other humans in this world?" Xu Ran’s expression grew stern, "Otherwise, why would it have such great hatred?"

Twelve shook its head.

"Chiu~" (The human figures in its dreams are very blurry, giving me the feeling that it has never seen a human, yet the hatred is already there.)

"It’s never seen humans but harbors hatred for them?" Xu Ran shook his head in confusion, looking at the Crystal Golden Ape that was about to wake up, he waved his hand, "Make it a puppet."

"Chiu!" (Alright!)

Twelve nodded, and an intricate pattern from the depths of its eyes transformed into a seal that flew out in an instant, landing on the forehead of the Crystal Golden Ape and melding into it.

The Crystal Golden Ape’s struggle to rise abruptly halted, and after a brief struggle, its eyes became dull.

Four Stars skill, Violent Sun Level·Soul Seal!

Twelve nodded in satisfaction. Continue reading stories on empire

This was its only Four Stars skill, and it had already been upgraded with Skill Points to the Violent Sun Level, easily controlling others of the Same Stage.

It took twelve half a day to condense a Soul Seal, but using it on the strong Crystal Golden Ape in front of them was not a waste.

The controlled Crystal Golden Ape swiftly stood up and climbed a tree with a flash, heading deep into the dense forest.

With this creature leading the way, they could avoid a lot of trouble for the team of one person and five pets.

As they proceeded, Xu Ran and the five pets predictably encountered other Transcendent Beings. Just like the Crystal Golden Ape, under Twelve’s detection, they discovered an innate hatred for humans.

If a single Crystal Golden Ape was a coincidence, the fact that every Transcendent Being they met felt the same way could not be a coincidence.

With the Crystal Golden Ape, Twelve conserved its Soul Seals and did not control a second puppet.

With the five pets taking turns to act, these attacking Transcendent Beings were disabled one by one, none retaining the ability to fight.

Yet Xu Ran’s expression did not ease but grew more solemn.

He was really curious about the inexplicable hostility of these Transcendent Beings.

As they approached the depths of the dense forest, the presence of an intense Transcendent Power could already be clearly felt.

Earlier, when Star used Star Gazing, Xu Ran discovered something special in the deepest part of the forest, which should be a treasure if nothing went wrong.

The dense Transcendent Power now confirmed his guess.

And...

"Cha~" (Why do I feel that the resource ahead is related to the Earth attribute?)

Cancan stopped, showing a puzzled look.

Continuing forward, the Light Attribute energy did not change much. In contrast, the Earth attribute energy was gradually becoming richer.

"It should be." Xu Ran looked at the three suns in the sky, smiling slightly, "I originally thought that there were only Light Attribute treasures here, but I didn’t realize there were others as well."

"Xi Lu~" (I estimate there’s no Dark Attribute.)

Star shook its head, its face taking on a somewhat helpless expression.

In a place where Light Series Power is so dense, Dark Power would be suppressed, making it impossible for any valuable resources to naturally form.

"But it’s possible to find resources related to Star Power here." Xu Ran said reassuringly with a smile, "Maybe we’ll even find a Town Star Stone, right?"

Star glanced at the dim, lightless source of Star Power on its chest.

It wasn’t buying this pie-in-the-sky!

As one man with five pets talked and laughed, they got closer and closer to that Earth attribute resource in the depths.

"Jiu~" (That resource is guarded by a Beast King.)

The situation of the resource was seen through the eyes of the Crystal Golden Ape by Twelve, who promptly warned them.

"Cha!" (I’ll handle it!)

Cancan quickly spoke up.

This was its resource, after all, so naturally, it would be the one to take action.

A King Stage, huh...

Expectation flickered in Cancan’s eyes.@@novelbin@@

The lowly soldiers and crabs they had just encountered didn’t even have the right to force it to use its Hollow Earth.

Finally, a worthy opponent had appeared, and this was a good chance to see the effects of Hollow Earth.

Perhaps because the Beast King was right ahead, they didn’t encounter any other attacks from Transcendent Beings on their journey and soon, the man with his five pets reached the deepest part of the dense jungle.

Unlike the taller trees on the periphery, the deepest part of the jungle had only a grassy area, filled with a special plant that had golden veins on its surface.

Xu Ran’s gaze swept across the dense grassland, eventually settling on a towering natural stone platform.

Atop that stone platform was an object that seemed to be part gold, part stone, and part wood; its energy connected naturally to the earth around it, pulsating with immense, rich Earth attribute Power.

"A Vein Origin Stone?!" Xu Ran exclaimed involuntarily.

Cancan’s eyes lit up at that moment.

This was one of the Main Materials for its evolution, though not the most valuable one.

He hadn’t expected to find it so easily.

The next moment, Cancan’s gaze shifted, looking towards the Beast King that was slowly rising to its feet next to the stone platform, its body surrounded by a mighty aura.

This Beast King had a humanoid appearance, clad in a full suit of bright golden armor, holding a two-meter-long sword in its hands, with nothing visible beneath the armor but a vague gleam of light; it had no physical body under the armor.

Upon seeing it, the golden dragon eyes of Cancan slightly contracted, its face showing a solemn and excited expression.

This opponent in front of it was powerful!

It could really test its skills now!

After a moment of tense standoff, the Armored Beast King, with its sword in hand, transformed into a streak of rainbow light, charging towards Cancan with incredible speed.

"Cha~" (Bring it on!)

Cancan let out a loud cry as its body grew rapidly in the wind, instantly reverting to its original kilometer size; its massive claw, as formidable as a collapsing mountain, slammed down on the path where the Armored Beast King must pass.

The rainbow light twisted instantaneously in the void, dodging Cancan’s heavy strike with remarkable agility. When the Armored Beast King reappeared, it was already behind Cancan.

The sword it raised high shone brightly, cutting down perpendicularly toward the earth in a flash.

Cancan’s gaze flickered slightly, and an invisible force swept over its entire body. It appeared as if it had done nothing, but suddenly, there was an added sense of solidity to its presence.

The golden sword light shattered into pieces fifty meters from Cancan, as if it had hit a wall of air, and the backlash didn’t reach Cancan at all.

Along with the disintegration of the golden sword light, a phantom scale armor briefly emerged in the void before quickly fading again.

Four Stars Skill, Violent Sun Level - Hollow Earth!

Seeing this, the Armored Beast King’s figure shook slightly, clearly surprised that its full-force strike failed to breach the defenses of the giant beast before it.

The golden light in Cancan’s eyes flickered, and without hesitation, it raised its claw. In the center of its paw, an earthy-yellow halo spun rapidly, with the terrible Power of annihilation ready to be unleashed.

Now, it was my turn!