Chapter 661: 327: Fang Canghai'S Purpose And The Upper Realm'S Scrutiny_2

Chapter 661: Chapter 327: Fang Canghai’s Purpose and the Upper Realm’s Scrutiny_2

For a moment, Fang Yuling looked at Xu Ran with a sense of discomfort in her gaze.

Could it be that Xu Ran was also involved with the affairs of the Monster Wood Domain?

“I didn’t really do much,” Xu Ran coughed lightly as he noticed Fang Yuling’s strange look, “I just helped the Monster Wood Semi-Saint prepare for the Evolution Ritual…”

Fang Yuling: “???”

You call that not doing much?

“The Evolution Ritual…” Fang Canghai also fell silent for a moment before shaking his head slightly, “As for the matter, it all started with the Monster Wood Semi-Saint’s evolution.”

“In fact, when I had just become an Emperor Level Beast Master more than a decade ago, the Monster Wood Domain had already caught my attention.”

“After all, the order there was completely different, and it was of significant referential importance for other Second Level Towns,” Fang Canghai said, with a hint of nostalgia in his eyes, “I visited the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.”

“Perhaps because my strength was comparable to it at the time, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood treated me very courteously, and even disclosed its plans to me.”

“When I learned of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s purpose for establishing the Monster Wood Domain, I was shocked,” Fang Canghai said with a smile, “Preparing for hundreds of years, building an area that is a paradise for both humans and transcendent beings, all for the sake of its own evolution.”

“Such grandeur was something I couldn’t match.”

“Without any hesitation, I decided to help the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood,” Fang Canghai’s voice paused slightly, “After all, it was clear to anyone that the successful evolution of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood would be beneficial to humanity.”

“Indeed.” Xu Ran couldn’t help but nod, feeling surprised at the same time.

Chairman Fang helped the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood?

Then why didn’t I see Chairman Fang’s figure on the day of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s evolution?

“You must be wondering why you didn’t see me that day,” Fang Canghai said with a smile, noticing Xu Ran’s confusion and asking.

“Indeed.” Xu Ran didn’t hide his thoughts after being directly addressed. He nodded and looked at Fang Canghai, “Chairman Fang, where were you at that time?”

“I was intercepting the remaining Beast Emperors while deterring some guys who were preparing to make a move in secret,” Fang Canghai’s eyes flashed with a chilling intent, “These guys had been hiding in the 47th Beast Field for a long time, just waiting for the moment to strike during the evolution of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.”

“The obstacles the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood faced during its evolution were far more than the five Beast Emperors you saw.”

Xu Ran couldn’t help but inhale sharply.

So, the evolution of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood was even more perilous than I had imagined?

“It seems like we’ve strayed a bit,” Fang Canghai said, shaking his head slightly. “Overall, based on the unique rules and stance of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, I had to help it complete its evolution.”

“But the evolution of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood is a double-edged sword.”

“It will add a powerful ally to the human side, but it will also draw the attention of the Upper Domain to the inconspicuous 47th Beast Field.”

“Upper Domain?” Not quite understanding, Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask aloud.

“Just as human cities are connected to each other, Beast Fields are tightly linked due to the strict hierarchy among wild groups of transcendent beings. This connection is more like a superior-subordinate relationship.”@@novelbin@@

“Beast Emperor-level Beast Fields command the Beast King-level Beast Fields, which are in turn governed by the Saint Spirit-level Beast Fields,” Fang Canghai said, his speech pausing briefly, “This relationship defines the hierarchy of Upper and Lower Domains.”

“Like many other Beast Emperor-level Beast Fields, the 47th Beast Field is subordinate to the 8th Beast Field,” Fang Canghai said with a note of gravity, “Originally, the 8th Beast Field wouldn’t bother with a Beast Emperor-level domain.”

“Being of the Upper Domain, they are even more arrogant and would not easily meddle with the affairs of the Lower Domain,” Fang Canghai’s speech halted for a moment, “This arrogance gave humans a much-needed breathing space.”

“But now, have the Upper Domains set their sights on the 47th Beast Field because of the Monster Wood Semi-Saint?” Xu Ran asked, catching a hint of subtext in Fang Canghai’s words.

“Exactly,” Fang Canghai nodded slightly, “Once targeted by the Upper Domain, the 47th Beast Field will become even more dangerous, and the human cities here need to unite as quickly as possible.”

“That’s the main reason I’ve been tirelessly working towards the formation of the City Alliance.”

“I understand,” Xu Ran said, a look of realization dawning on him.

Fang Canghai had long been planning to help the Monster Wood Semi-Saint’s evolution, even anticipating the response from the Upper Domains after its successful evolution.

And for this reason, he had been urging human cities to ally swiftly.

Fang Yuling, standing to the side, looked at her father with a changed expression.

Even she had never heard about the things her father was discussing just now.

She wasn’t even aware of her father’s involvement in the evolution of the Monster Wood Semi-Saint.

No need to mention, these prophetic plannings and actions.

Was his father really this insightful?

At this moment, within his daughter’s heart, Fang Canghai’s figure grew even more imposing.

“Can I help the alliance in any way?” Xu Ran suddenly asked.

Only now did he realize the exigency the human city alliance had reached.

“Originally, you could have participated in the exchange battles,” Fang Canghai’s tone paused for a moment, “but now, you’d better focus on improving your strength.”

“Everything has been arranged; having the will is enough.”

“The Beast Master Points of your Beast Trainer Ranking settlement, I’ve already arranged for someone to settle them in advance for you; they are now in your account,” a hint of a smile flickered in Fang Canghai’s eyes, “You’re in need of these points now, aren’t you?”

Having said that, Fang Canghai didn’t wait for Xu Ran to respond, and, taking Fang Yuling, turned and left.

It wasn’t until the figures of the Fang family father and daughter disappeared that Xu Ran suddenly reacted, looking toward his own Beast Master account.

On the account, a string of Beast Master Points dazzled him a little.

They were actually credited!

Not only the points earned through breaking into the Historical Rankings but also this week’s settlement reward points had been credited at the same time!

“Exchange, right now,” Xu Ran took a deep breath, turning his head towards the equally excited four little ones.

“Meow!” (I’ll go first!)

Ziyun was the first to step forward, its face full of intense anticipation.

Its main materials for evolution were the Extinct Thunder Attraction, Extreme Source Vein Crystal, Thunder Attribute Emperor Stage Blood Essence, Brilliant Gem, and Eternal Life Calamity Dew — five items in total.

Of these, the Extreme Source Vein Crystal had already been successfully acquired during the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes in the Monster Wooden Domain, and news of the Extinct Thunder Attraction had been found, with its emergence expected in a few days.

Xu Ran had always neglected to search for the remaining three resources for Ziyun.

Because these three resources were available within the Beast Master Association of Xieyun City.

However, due to a lack of sufficient Beast Master Points, they had not been exchanged.

Now, that was no longer an issue.

With the credit from the reward for making it up the rankings, purchasing the remaining three resources was more than enough for Xu Ran!

Without any hesitation, he chose to exchange, then Xu Ran immediately turned his gaze to the equally excited Star next to him.

Star’s evolution also required many materials.

Town Star Stone, Dawn Star Radiance, Star Scar Night Light Stone, Dark Emperor-level Blood Essence, Brilliant Gem, Eternal Life Calamity Dew.

A total of six evolution materials, except for the Star Scar Night Light Stone, which was also acquired in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, the other five were yet to be found.

Through the Beast Master Association’s point exchange, Xu Ran successfully obtained the last three for it; now only two resources, Town Star Stone and Dawn Star Radiance, were left.

Next was Cancan’s evolution materials.

The Earth attribute Dragon Emperor Stage Blood Essence, Brilliant Gem, and Eternal Life Calamity Dew were all succinctly acquired, completing half the collection of evolution materials instantly.

Although the remaining half was bound to be very difficult, the future looked promising!

Since the subsequent Evolution Path had not yet been obtained, the portion of the Beast Master Points belonging to Twelve was temporarily reserved by Xu Ran. Once Twelve also received the Emperor Species Evolution Path, they would proceed with the exchange.

Xu Ran also didn’t forget about Yinghuo, who hadn’t arrived in Xieyun City.

The detailed information about the growth location of the Heart Burning Poisonous Flame Marrow and other evolution materials was exchanged by Xu Ran all at once.

As for the cost Yinghuo would have to pay…

Accruing debt before joining the team had already become a tradition.

—————–

Having visited all the relatives, I’ll return home tomorrow and will update with a 4k word chapter then.