Chapter 745 - 352: Mysterious Light Channel, Mysterious Ruins

Two days passed by quickly.

Having agreed on a time with Fang Canghai, two more days went by, and Xu Ran once again visited Xieyun City.

The five little ones that came with him were exceptionally spirited.

Over the past two days, they had fully digested the benefits of the resource allocation they received two days earlier and were now eagerly awaiting the upcoming exploration of the ruins.

The meeting place Fang Canghai and Xu Ran had decided on was located in a valley about ten kilometers outside of Xieyun City.

This valley was nothing special, which was precisely why it was not easily noticed. Though close to the bustling Xieyun City, it somewhat embraced the idea of darkness under the light.

Entering the valley, Xu Ran soon saw Fang Canghai.

Behind Fang Canghai stood three others, one of whom Xu Ran recognized, as he was You Shengjiang, the vice president who hosted the event when he represented Qingzhou City to visit Xieyun City for an exchange.

Although he had never met the other two, their identities were quite apparent—they were the other two vice presidents of Xieyun City with Overlord Level strength. Your next chapter is on empire

"You arrived quite quickly," Fang Canghai glanced at Xu Ran and chuckled, "You should have met You Shengjiang before. These are Hu Yun and Qi Cheng."

"Xu Ran, right?" You Shengjiang greeted with a hearty smile, "The last time I saw you was during the city exchange, and back then you were just at the Leader Stage. I didn’t expect that in just a few months, you’ve already gained such formidable strength."

"Nice to meet you, Xu Ran," the only woman among the three smiled slightly, "Although I haven’t met you before, I’ve heard your name many times."

"Qi Cheng is mainly responsible for the Beast Trainer Ranking," Fang Canghai offered a brief introduction.

Xu Ran suddenly understood.

Since his arrival in Xieyun City, the place he had visited the most was the Beast Trainer Ranking. Having refreshed the rankings scores time and again, it was no wonder that his name was often heard by the others.

"Hu Yun."

The other tall and thin middle-aged man nodded at Xu Ran as a greeting. He seemed somewhat silent and reserved, but Xu Ran could sense that, among the three Overlord Level Beast Masters, he gave off the most dangerous vibe.

"Hu Yun is just like that, a clamorous fellow," You Shengjiang patted Xu Ran’s shoulder and smiled, "Don’t mind him."

"Of course, I won’t mind," Xu Ran shook his head without hesitation, then looked around, "Haven’t the Overlord Level Beast Masters from other cities arrived yet?"

"They should already be on their way," Fang Canghai spoke slowly, "When Overlord Level Beast Masters leave a Second Level Town, it means the town faces a greater crisis, so they need to make some arrangements."

"Senior Fang, I have a question." Hearing Fang Canghai say this, Xu Ran couldn’t help but voice a doubt he’d had before.

"Gathering nearly all the seniors of the 47th Beast Field together for exploration, won’t it pose a problem for the defense of the Second Level Towns?"

"Any other time, maybe, but right now, the 8th Beast Field could attack at any moment…"

"This timeframe is, in fact, the best," Fang Canghai spoke calmly, "Firstly, I’ve already made contact with Broken Abyss City and learned some information."

"The 8th Beast Field’s entry has become a certainty, but it won’t happen that quickly."

"The Saint Spirit of Broken Abyss City and the Beast Saint of the 8th Beast Field are engaged in a very large scale resource struggle. Until this battle truly concludes, they have no spare energy to pay attention to us."

"Though it’s a bit disheartening to say, before the Monster Wooden Semi-Saint evolved, the 8th Beast Field hadn’t even heard of the 47th Beast Field," Fang Canghai said with a self-mocking smile.

"What is a catastrophe for us is merely a cleansing that doesn’t require the Saint Spirit’s personal involvement to them."

Xu Ran fell silent for a moment.

Is the 47th Beast Field strong?

Compared to the 97th Beast Field, where Qingzhou City resides, it’s unfathomably more powerful.

But such strength is relative.

Before the rise of the Monster Wooden Semi-Saint, the entire 47th Beast Field had no more than eight Beast Emperors—a strength which ranked in the middle to lower tier among the Beast Emperor-level Beast Fields.

The human side of the 47th Beast Field was even weaker. Across the entire Beast Field, there was only Fang Canghai who was Emperor Level.

Therefore, it was quite understandable that the Beast Saint-level Beast Field wouldn’t even consider the 47th Beast Field worth noticing.

It was only after the evolution of the Monster Wooden Semi-Saint was complete that the Beast Field no. 47 truly came into their view.

"As for whether we’ll encounter danger after entering the relic," Fang Canghai paused for a moment, "based on my observation, there seems to be a difference in the flow of time inside and outside the relic."

"A day spent inside the relic might only be a few hours outside."

"In addition, I’ve already made contact with the Monster Wooden Semi-Saint." He gave a slight smile, "Taking advantage of the move of the Monster Wooden Domain, it’s planning to conduct a thorough cleansing of the Transcendent Beings within Beast Field no. 47."@@novelbin@@

"So, a brief departure won’t put the Second Level Town at too much of a crisis. On the contrary, the gains from this excursion into the relic may well enable us to better face the incoming Beast Field no. 8."

"I understand," Xu Ran nodded, his realization dawning. He was about to say something when his expression suddenly shifted, and he turned his head to look toward the sky.

A rainbow light was approaching the valley at great speed.

Upon entering the range of the valley, the rainbow light drastically slowed down, and with the energy storm that it kicked up, a splendidly golden Giant Bird spread its wings, slowly landing.

Above the head of the Giant Bird, dazzling light interwove, forming a magnificent crown, and on the Giant Bird’s back, a woman leapt down and walked toward them.

"It seems I’ve arrived rather quickly," the woman said, glancing around with a slight smile.

"Your Eternal Light Divine Kite is known for its speed, so it’s no surprise you arrived so swiftly," Fang Canghai said with a smile, "Is Du Chun not with you? Didn’t he come together with you?"

"He’s coming from behind," the woman crossed her arms and glanced back, "There, he’s here."

At the moment her words fell, a long dragon’s roar came from outside the valley. A Giant Dragon covered with light blue scales approached, carried by a fierce wind, its crown of stormy convergence exceptionally striking.

"Here he comes, here he comes," a man jumped down from the back of the Giant Dragon and looked at the woman, his eyes carrying a hint of reproach.

"This is Zhou Qing, the President of the Zhou Tian City Beast Master Association, and Du Chun, the Vice President," You Shengjiang whispered an introduction to Xu Ran, "Don’t mind their seemingly discordant relationship; in actuality, they’re a married couple."

"You Shengjiang, still as annoying as ever after all this time," Zhou Qing frowned and huffed, "Who is this young fellow? Aren’t you going to introduce him?"

"Ahahaha~" Caught by Zhou Qing overhearing his previous comment, You Shengjiang laughed awkwardly and quickly started to introduce, "This is Xu Ran, who will join us in exploring the relic this time."

"So young, yet already has an Emperor Species Pet Beast. Is he the next generation leader that you’ve cultivated in Xieyun City?" Du Chun, quick to notice the abnormality of Ziyun, spoke up with a smile.

"That’s a misunderstanding," Fang Canghai chuckled, taking the initiative, "Strictly speaking, Xu Ran is not from our Xieyun City."

"He has connections with Xieyun, Monster Wooden, Bright Radiance, and Xuanxing cities. The presidents of all three cities also know Xu Ran."

"Oh?" Hearing this from Fang Canghai, Zhou Qing looked at Xu Ran with a touch of surprise and caution, "Since when does our Beast Field no. 47 have a power that can cross cities?"

"Pfft~" At this comment, You Shengjiang couldn’t help but burst into laughter, covering his mouth and shaking violently.

Qi Cheng and Hu Yun exchanged glances, their eyes flashing with a hint of amusement.

"I have seen Zhou Elder, Du Elder," Xu Ran knew it was time to say something, "This junior is just an ordinary Foster Shop owner."

"This junior has branches in all four cities, hence the acquaintance with the four presidents."

"To be able to accompany and learn from all the esteemed elders this time is an extraordinary honor, owing to Elder Fang’s high regard."

"Foster Shop…" Du Chun repeated the words, his expression turning intrigued.

Meanwhile, Zhou Qing quickly showed a smile after a brief moment of astonishment, "In that case, Little Boss Xu, you must come and open a branch in Zhou Tian City soon."

A Foster Shop owner with such strength, and one recognized by Fang Canghai, had to be more than meets the eye. At this moment, Zhou Qing became even more curious about Xu Ran.

"I surely will," Xu Ran said earnestly.

The branches were definitely going to be opened, just not now.

Once the Main task 5 is completed, and the System Clerks can be directly purchased, he planned to open branches in every human city in both Beast Field no. 97 and no. 47.

By then, the daily acquisition of various resources would likely increase manifold compared to the present.

-----------------

[Only one thousand five hundred words left, furiously writing]