Chapter 748 - 354: A Hidden Corner

"Boom!!"

With the echoing burst of sound reverberating persistently in the area, an energy storm lifted the dense jungle around, and although Cancan’s radiant claws shredded through the void, regrettably the Armored Beast King’s tracks were still nowhere to be found.

This Light Attribute Beast King was particularly adept in speed, and indeed Cancan was somewhat at a disadvantage while trading blows.

Especially since it had refused the help of the twelve, wanting to test its own strength.

Standing on the void, wielding a giant sword, the Armored Beast King faced Cancan’s direction, and beneath the mask, the face made of light, its eyes suddenly became bright, conveying a sense of gravity and anger.

The ancient and foreign language, with its body’s tremor, spread through the void.

Although they had never heard this language before, all five pets, upon hearing the sound, had the meaning surface in their minds.

"A lofty Beast King, why would you collude with the human race?"

A trace of surprise appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

It was his first time hearing such a question.

Because in the outside world, wild Transcendent Beings would never bother asking such nonsense.

Why else but because they’ve already contracted with human Beast Masters and taken a stand with humans?

Therefore, upon hearing the strange question from the Armored Beast King, Xu Ran’s mind flashed with a certain possibility.

"Cancan, don’t rush to kill it. Get some information."

Upon receiving Xu Ran’s thought conveyed through Contractual Sensing, Cancan responded with a "Got it," and its head cocked as it looked toward the Armored Beast King.

"Chirp?" (Don’t you know why?)

"Could it be... you are from the Traitorous Beast Clans?" the Armored Beast King’s grip on the giant sword suddenly tightened, and its gaze toward Cancan turned icy, "Humans reject all Beast Races, yet cunningly tempt with despicable means, causing treachery to arise within the Beast Race."

"It is because of these traitors that we met defeat in the ultimate battle, ending up in such a state."@@novelbin@@

"I hadn’t thought that there would still be members of the Traitorous Beast Clans in existence."

"If that is so, I must slay you with my own hands to avenge my ancestors!"

Bellowing furiously, the Armored Beast King transformed into a rainbow light, with a might even more formidable than before, and charged towards Cancan in an instant.

Seeing this, Cancan was momentarily stunned.

It was just trying to get some information; why did this guy become even more hostile?

"Defeat it first but spare its life."

Xu Ran’s thought arrived in an instant, steadying Cancan’s mind.

To spare its life, right? No problem!

With a loud shout, the dark lines within its glistening gold eyes slowly swirled, and with the glow of earthy yellow light around its body, the land trembled violently as Cancan’s form swelled once more in the stormy gale, and it fiercely swiped a claw toward the Armored Beast King.

Perhaps stirred by earlier words that evoked certain memories, the Armored Beast King displayed a hatred far greater than before, and faced Cancan’s even more tremendous attack without flinching.

Outside the rainbow light, blinding flame colors shone. To the astonishment of the human and beasts, the Armored Beast King’s aura continued to climb, rising even faster than Cancan’s.

In its hatred, the Armored Beast King had resorted to a self-sacrificing tactic.

Under such means, regardless of whether this strike succeeded, the Armored Beast King itself would suffer a severe backlash.

"Boom!!"

A muffled collision burst forth, and with the clash of sword radiance and the giant claw, invisible ripples pulsed through the void.

That was the Hollow Earth protecting Cancan.

The moment the sword radiance touched the Hollow Earth, it seemed to plunge into mire, slowing down and weakening until it finally drew closer to Cancan’s body.

Seeing this, the Armored Beast King didn’t hesitate to propel itself forward, slashing with the next sword blow to the same spot forcefully.

As the two sword glows intersected, the originally feeble blade suddenly grew formidable, and ultimately it succeeded in breaking through Cancan’s Hollow Earth, leaving a deep gash on Cancan’s giant claw.

Without a glance at the wound on its claw, Cancan’s massive draconic eyes immediately locked onto the Armored Beast King.

The other effect of the Hollow Earth took hold the moment the Armored Beast King added the second sword strike.

It had wounded Cancan, but at the same time, it found itself suddenly immobilized. Continue reading stories on empire

"Chirp!" (You lost!)

Cancan excitedly roared as its other claw, wrapped in a force that ground everything to dust, came crashing down, enveloping the Armored Beast King in an instant.

The void around them instantly collapsed, leaving the hitherto indestructible armor of the Armored Beast King covered with numerous mottled cracks that seemed nearly to burst apart, a sight horrendously alarming.

Not allowing the surrounding forces to continue collapsing and after severely wounding the Armored Beast King, Cancan casually knocked it away.

With a thud, the Armored Beast King was sent flying, crashing through a swath of trees before collapsing powerlessly to the ground.

"Let’s go, we have some questions for this fellow," Xu Ran took a deep breath and started walking toward where the Armored Beast King had fallen.

Humans rejecting some Beast Race... Traitorous Beasts... the final battle.

Just from a casual questioning by Cancan, so much information had been extracted.

This guy couldn’t be left to die so easily.

Cancan’s body rapidly shrank, picked up the Vein Origin Stone from the stone platform with its mouth, and followed closely behind Xu Ran and the other four pets.

Soon, the human and pets arrived in front of the Armored Beast King.

At this moment, the Armored Beast King lost all its former invincibility, its armor fragmented and barely clinging to its body, and the luminescence from its body beneath the armor was much dimmer than before.