Chapter 662: 328: Thunder Starts

Chapter 662: Chapter 328: Thunder Starts

[Just 2,000 more, will complete it soon.]

In the night, Starfire Foster Care Shop in Bright Radiance City.

Though the street lamps were already lit, the business at the Starfire Foster Care Shop remained bustling.

The Washing and Protection Service, maintained by the System Clerk, had switched to 24-hour operations. Customers lined up outside the shop, forming a long queue that seemed to fend off the chill of the night with its fervent atmosphere.

Inside the Foster Shop, the System Store Manager had just seen off a client and was about to call in the next one when suddenly, he sensed something and looked in a certain direction.

Next, Xu Ran’s figure appeared within the Foster Shop, accompanied by a flicker.

“Is business still good tonight?” Xu Ran glanced at the long line outside, gave a slight nod to the System Store Manager, and then summoned the four little ones waiting for him.

Under Fang Canghai’s special care, the resources Xu Ran exchanged were delivered almost as soon as he placed the order, allowing them not to wait long and to finish their business in Xieyun City within a day.

Before long, one human and four pets returned to the living area inside the shop. On Xu Ran’s empty bed, a tiny figure was curled up in the blankets, its head occasionally flickering with a flame that, upon contacting other things, did not ignite.

It was the firefly who hadn’t formed a contract yet and thus couldn’t accompany Xu Ran to Xieyun City.

Xu Ran and the four little ones exchanged glances, then a smile emerged on his face.

He tiptoed to the firefly’s side, leaned close to its fire-lit ear, and softly called out, “Firefly? Wake up, Firefly.”

“Purr~”

The firefly made a low purring sound; its round ears twitched, and the flames on them grew more vigorous.

It seemed to be sleeping sweetly, merely wriggled a bit under the blanket, and then fell asleep again.

Seeing the firefly’s love of sleep, Ziyun became playful and carefully stretched out a paw to press it on the firefly through the blanket.

Immediately after, a flash of Thunder flickered in the dark.

“Purr-hou?!”

The electric shock made the firefly jump, its flame-colored fur puffing up in an instant as if its body had swelled.

It woke up all at once, leaping up from the bed and looking around.

Upon seeing Xu Ran and the four little ones, the firefly blinked.

“Purr-hou?” (Am I dreaming?)

Hadn’t everyone gone to another city?

“Peep~” (We finished early and came back~)

Twelve flapped its wings and then a mischievous glint appeared in its sea-blue eyes.

“Peep?” (Why are you sleeping on the bed?)

The firefly was silent for a moment before it suddenly covered its face with its bear paws, with the flames on its ears growing fiercer.@@novelbin@@

How embarrassing!

It was afraid of the dark when sleeping alone, so it had covered itself up tightly and squeezed onto the bed.

It thought no one would find out, but to its surprise, everyone returned so quickly!

“It’s okay to sleep on the bed.” Xu Ran patted the firefly’s head with a smile, then paused for a moment before continuing, “From now on, whenever we go somewhere else, there’s no need to leave you behind.”

Hearing the implication in Xu Ran’s words, the firefly quickly put its paws down, surprise flickering in its red eyes.

“Purr-hou?” (Is there a contract spot available?)

“Yes, I’ve just broken through to the Fifth Stage of contract power,” laughed Xu Ran. “We can form a contract now.”

As he spoke, he slowly extended a hand, on which a magnificent deep-blue insignia of contract power hovered.

It was the tangible manifestation of a contract spot. All that was needed was for the firefly to touch this insignia to finalize their contract.

“Purr-hou!” (Contract!)

The firefly did not hesitate to reach out a bear paw and press it onto the insignia.

The smooth formation of the contract allowed the firefly to instantly understand Xu Ran’s intentions.

The need for communication between the two no longer required the assistance of Twelve.

“Speaking of which, now is the perfect time for you to form a contract,” Xu Ran said with a smile. “If all goes well, in a few days you should be able to catch the new round of resource distribution.”

“Purr-hou?” (Resource distribution?)

The firefly scratched its head with a paw, having no concept of what that entailed.

Before officially forming a contract with Xu Ran, the four pets had kept this matter a secret from it.

Now, however, the firefly was entitled to share in the secret.

“Peep~” (Resource distribution is…)

Twelve, having only participated in resource distribution once, couldn’t wait to put on a senior’s air and began educating the firefly.

As Twelve explained, the firefly’s eyes grew brighter and brighter.

So everyone had been engaging in such an interesting activity behind its back!

At this resource distribution, could they really obtain precious Evolution Materials that could increase one’s star level without evolving?

Suddenly, the firefly thought of its own Evolution Path.

No wonder when it saw that seemingly hopeless Evolution Path, no one took it too seriously.

With Xu Ran, the impossible could become possible!

Seeing the firefly’s look of eager anticipation, Twelve timed its reveal of another surprise perfectly.

“Peep~” (This time in Xieyun City, we’ve prepared all your Evolution Materials.)

“Purr-hou?!” (Really?!)

The firefly’s eyes shone even brighter.

Evolution Materials, all ready to go?

For a moment, the firefly felt a bit embarrassed.

It hadn’t even accompanied everyone to that city called Xieyun City, yet they had already prepared its Evolution Materials.

Such kind of favor…

“Purr-hou~” (I really can’t thank you all enough!)

The firefly spoke with a sincere expression.