Chapter 760 - 360: The Secret Of The Statue

```

After hearing the speculations of Star and the others, Xu Ran had to admit that there was indeed a high probability that the nine gems above the dome were related to the nine stone statues in the main hall, but what exactly was the connection between them?

Memorizing the positions of the nine stone statues, Xu Ran slowly closed his eyes.

The positions of the nine stone statues in the main hall quickly took shape in his mind. Their outlines, as well as the position of the nine gems, were quite different, and the sequence of colors was even more unrelated.

Clearly, the relationship between the two wasn’t as simple as a one-to-one correspondence. Otherwise, in this vast main hall, there wouldn’t have been a complete lack of discoverers.

So what exactly was their relationship?

Xu Ran opened his eyes, looking at one of the statues, momentarily hesitant about his next move.

The other creatures in the area had also discovered a possible connection between the statues and the gems, but that was all; they couldn’t quite figure out the nature of the connection.

Cancan stared intently, and suddenly, her gaze locked onto two of the statues, her golden eyes whirling quickly.

"Chirp~" (Could it be that the blue-eyed statue seems to be looking at the green-eyed statue? Do they have some kind of connection?)

Hmm?

Upon hearing Cancan’s casually spoken words, Xu Ran was slightly startled and quickly looked in the direction indicated.

Indeed, at first glance, the blue-eyed statue seemed unremarkable, but if one followed the direction of its gaze, it was indeed looking straight at the position of the green-eyed statue.

Xu Ran shifted his gaze to the green-eyed statue.

Cancan’s words had given him a significant insight, and soon he realized that the green-eyed statue was also looking at another statue.

It wasn’t looking back at the blue-eyed statue but at the red-eyed statue!

With that discovery, Xu Ran swiftly looked to the red-eyed statue, and soon found that it was staring at the purple-eyed statue.

Blue-eyed, green-eyed, red-eyed, purple-eyed, pink-eyed, white-eyed, golden-eyed!

Following the gaze of each statue, Xu Ran’s attention finally settled in the direction of the golden-eyed statue. Unlike the others, it wasn’t looking at any statue. Instead, it raised its head to gaze towards the dome.

Could this be the final statue?

No!

Xu Ran quickly realized he had overlooked something.

With nine statues in total, there were still the black-eyed and the orange-eyed statues left!

Xu Ran quickly turned and soon discovered the black-eyed statue was looking at the orange-eyed statue, while the orange-eyed statue was looking at the blue-eyed statue.

So, was this a sequence of sights starting from the black-eyed statue and ending with the golden-eyed statue?

Once again, following the gaze of the golden-eyed statue towards the dome, a thought struck Xu Ran.

Following this sequence of colors, the gems corresponding to adjacent colors were all closely nestled together.

Clearly, his line of thinking was correct.

Next was how to use this insight to solve the trial before him.

Xu Ran’s gaze was fixed intensely on the black gem embedded in the dome.

At this moment, this gem, deep as ink, became the breakthrough point.

Xu Ran’s conjecture was shared with the five Pet Beasts through Contractual Sensing, and at that moment, all five Pet Beasts also stared at the black gem together, hoping to collectively offer some assistance to Xu Ran.

Attempt to break this gem?

This thought had barely surfaced in Xu Ran’s mind before he suppressed it firmly.@@novelbin@@

He hadn’t forgotten the scene of an Overlord-stage Transcendent Being attempting to directly attack the gems in the dome, failing to make a mark and then being instantly killed by the hidden power within the dome.

The risks of a rash attempt were simply too great.

The next moment, Xu Ran’s eyes flickered slightly.

Another fearless Transcendent Being had made a move.

This one was a lion-like Overlord-stage Transcendent Being with a Fire Attribute. Whether by coincidence or not, the gem it attacked was the very same black one.

This gave Xu Ran a slight sense of elation.

Good, he didn’t need to test the waters himself.

The commotion caused by the Fire Attribute lion quickly drew the attention of all the hesitant beings in the main hall.

Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, a column of fire it emitted rose swiftly into the air toward the direction of the black gem.

The next moment, the expressions of every being in the arena changed.

For the column of fire shot upward without encountering any obstacle or suppression, hitting the black gem squarely.

Accompanied by a loud bang, the black gem shattered, and a hidden treasure fell quickly from the sky.

The Fire Attribute lion roared with joy, but before it could reach for the prize, one of the five Beast Emperors extended a paw and seized the treasure directly.

The Fire Attribute lion’s expression froze, and though it seethed with anger internally, the pressure of strength forced it into a respectful pose, as if it had willingly relinquished the item.

"This treasure isn’t suited to your Attribute," said the Beast Emperor, seemingly understanding the Fire Attribute lion’s thoughts, speaking calmly, "However, you have merit in breaking the black gem. Once you leave this place, I will reward you."

The Fire Attribute lion breathed a sigh of relief and quickly expressed its gratitude.

As one gem was shattered, the atmosphere in the area heated up abruptly.

It wasn’t long before a second Overlord-stage Transcendent Being couldn’t contain itself and made a move towards the gems in the dome.

Xu Ran only glanced once and wrote off this Transcendent Being as dead.

After the black should have come the orange.

But this creature had attacked the purple gem.

Clearly, it hadn’t discerned the pattern and thought that if the black stone could be shattered, then so could the others.

Just as Xu Ran had predicted, the Overlord-stage being’s attack was quickly suppressed and dissipated, and the next instant, a thread-like ray of light struck down, instantly killing the Overlord-stage being.

This calmed the others who were eager to try their luck.

They, like the newly killed Overlord-stage creature, had thought to attack any gem on a whim and see if luck was on their side.

The success of the Fire Attribute lion had misled them into believing the suppression above the dome had vanished.

Now it seemed, not everyone could be so fortunate.

```

Seeing the creatures inside the main hall regain their caution, Xu Ran gently exhaled a breath of fouled air.

He knew the opportunity had arrived.

The Eye of the Gargoyle that Cancan needed was sealed within a green gemstone.

In front of it lay orange and blue gemstones.

Xu Ran dared not be overly confident; he knew that relying on his own power, it was impossible to take away so many resources under the watchful eyes of all. Even if he managed to break the seals, they would be snatched away; at most, he could only preserve one.

Therefore, he had not set his sights on the other resources from the beginning.

Instead of waiting for other creatures to gradually break the seals on the two gemstones in front, it would be better to use the resources within those two gemstones as bait and smoothly take away the Eye of the Gargoyle.

"Ziyun," Xu Ran turned his head to glance at Ziyun and quickly began to communicate with it through Contractual Sensing.

"Meow~" (Understood.)

Ziyun’s eyes narrowed slightly, and it nodded emphatically.

Terrific bolts of thunder burst forth from its body in an instant, and the sudden surge in momentum drew countless gazes from the surroundings.

The Beast Masters among the humans saw Xu Ran was about to make a move and each revealed a worrisome expression. Fang Canghai’s face was the first to become extremely solemn.

Until now, the human side had not made a move.

Was Xu Ran going to be the first?

Under the watchful eyes of many, Ziyun’s form flashed like lightning, accompanied by a deep booming sound. Treading on Lei Jing, it flickered rapidly toward the gemstones suspended high up in the air.

A fearsome bolt of lightning emerged from the void, striking down towards Ziyun in mid-air in an instant. Ziyun reached out with its paw, casually grasped the lightning, and then hurled it vehemently.

The target, the orange gemstone!

"Boom!!!"

Amid the tense gazes, the bolt of lightning exploded rapidly, and the horrific thunder instantly shattered the orange gemstone. Only the resource within was spared, as it was released from the confinement of the gemstone to slowly descend from the dome.

Ignoring the resource that was falling, Ziyun tightly caught another bolt of lightning that struck down, preparing to attack once again.

Seeing this scene, many Transcendent Beings that were prepared to ambush Ziyun and snatch the resource stopped their actions.

As they halted, Ziyun hurled the second lightning spear toward the blue gemstone.

"Boom!!!"

Another sound of a gemstone shattering echoed, and seeing Ziyun, who was already gripping the third bolt of lightning and not even glancing at the resource falling from the blue gemstone, the crowd erupted in astonishment.

Being able to shatter the gemstones twice in a row proved that this Pet Beast was not simply trying its luck; it had indeed discovered the hidden rules within the main hall.

By now, the resources within the orange gemstone had already found their owner in the blink of an eye, and from the beginning to the end, Ziyun had not glanced at them. It seemed to have no intention of participating in the competition for the resource within the blue gemstone, which baffled all the creatures present.

Helping others without expecting any rewards?

Impossible, right?

In the brief moment when everyone was stunned, Ziyun’s lightning spear had already shattered the green gemstone.

It disappeared from its spot in an instant. Accompanied by another Lei Jing, it directly grabbed the newly fallen Eye of the Gargoyle and, with a flash, used Lei Jing to return to Xu Ran’s side.

"Let’s go!" Xu Ran had already been preparing with the other four little ones to retreat and without a second word, he casually grabbed Ziyun and mounted Star to flee.

There was a low doorway beside the main hall, likely leading to the next opportunity.

Of course, while making his escape, Xu Ran did not forget another important matter.

A hidden voice echoed in Fang Canghai’s ears.

"Senior, pay attention to the direction the statues are facing!"

Fang Canghai’s eyes shone with a strange light. Two out of the six Emperor Stage Pet Beasts behind him instantly made moves to cover Xu Ran’s retreat, and at the same time, his gaze rapidly swept across the statues.

With Xu Ran’s reminder and the order in which he had shattered the four gemstones just now, Fang Canghai quickly uncovered the pattern.

A radiant smile appeared on his face.

Good! Very good!

-----------------

What would happen next in the main hall, Xu Ran did not know.

But barring any unexpected events, most of the resources from the remaining five gemstones would end up in the hands of the humans.

At the moment, he followed the small doorway and quickly passed through the corridor to arrive at another hall.

Compared to the main hall, this one was smaller in scale; it appeared to be a side hall. Inside, about a dozen beings were present, all of whom turned to look at Xu Ran.

These beings were those who had given up on the opportunities in the main hall and had arrived here ahead of time.

Xu Ran paid them no heed. The Eye of the Gargoyle was temporarily swallowed by Cancan and hidden in its stomach, not easily detectable.

Walking over to a secluded corner, he began to carefully observe everything inside the side hall.

Unlike the layout of the main hall, there were no statues in the side hall, nor gemstones in the dome. Instead, there stood several tall stone pillars.

There were twelve pillars in total, all of the same size, each one about as thick as two people hugging and about five meters tall.

At the top of each pillar, a hazy halo enveloped it, containing immense energy fluctuations, but the specifics were not visible.

The twelve pillars were located in the center of the side hall, and the ground was engraved with mysterious patterns. The positions of the twelve pillars were precisely the twelve critical nodes of the pattern.

The Transcendent Beings which had arrived early were circled around, yet none of them had taken the initiative to act.

Smelling the lingering scent of blood within the side hall, Xu Ran knew that these pillars definitely also contained unknown dangers.

For the time being, Xu Ran refrained from acting rashly and instead carefully observed everything in the side hall, trying to find clues to solve the puzzle.

The Transcendent Beings that had been closely watching Xu Ran showed disappointment in their eyes.

They were hoping that this human would rashly enter the range of the pillars, allowing them to obtain the opportunities before them more quickly.

One of the beings, resembling a Jackal Overlord, flickered in its gaze slightly, then let out a faint chuckle, "Human, why not try to obtain the treasures atop the pillars?"

"If it were that easy, you wouldn’t still be here," Xu Ran replied evenly, without changing his expression.

"Indeed, it’s not easy, but there are successful precedents," the Jackal Overlord chuckled, "look at that pillar."