Chapter 761 - 361: Blood Sacrifice? Beast Sacrifice!

Sensing that the Transcendent Beings inside the temple harbored ill intentions, Xu Ran naturally couldn’t be bothered to keep up pretenses with them. Accompanied by his five small Pet Beasts, he quickly searched every part of the side hall, trying to find a clue.

Time was of the essence.

Unless something unexpected happened, the five remaining gems in the main hall had likely been shattered by now, and once their resources had been claimed, whether it be other Beast Masters or Transcendent Beings, they would all make their way here through the passage.

Therefore, he needed to find clues that would be advantageous for himself and the Humans as quickly as possible.

Diligence pays off, and soon Xu Ran stopped in front of a wall in the side hall, where all the bricks were engraved with clear and mysterious lines.

But the brick in front of him depicted a clear image among the countless ordinary ones, unremarkable at first glance but distinctly different once noticed.

It was a scene of a Human fighting a Transcendent Being.

This one image alone couldn’t prove anything.

But Xu Ran knew he had grasped a corner of the clue.

Feeling the veiled eyes of other Transcendent Beings glancing his way, Xu Ran knew he couldn’t linger here too long, or he would give himself away.

He silently moved away from that brick and started scanning the other bricks for anomalies.

Soon, another brick with an image was discovered.

Following the previous one, this showed a Human defeating a Transcendent Being.

Xu Ran shifted his gaze quickly, searching for other special bricks.

Suddenly, he caught sight of an unusual brick.

On that brick, twelve Humans were capturing a Transcendent Being, surrounding a special formation with twelve stone pillars.

That formation, identical to the one in the side hall, made Xu Ran vaguely realize something.

Could it really be what he was thinking?

No sooner had the thought occurred to Xu Ran than he saw four bricks with images, on which Transcendent Beings were nowhere to be found, with only twelve Humans standing in the formation, cheering.

"Cancan, find a way to erase the images on this brick!" Xu Ran’s expression suddenly changed, and he turned to block the view of the other Transcendent Beings while speaking through Contractual Sensing.

"Chah!" (Yes!)

Cancan immediately acted, its claws glowing with an earthy yellow light. In the next instant, a thin layer of stone resembling the brick’s color coated the surface, covering all the images and even replicating the patterns of the surrounding bricks.

In this way, the deception was nearly flawless.

Xu Ran continued his search until he was certain there were no more bricks with hidden images, then returned with an indifferent expression to stand before the twelve-pillar formation.

"Humankind boy, have you found something?" The Jackal Overlord chuckled coldly, speaking casually.

"Even if I had, I wouldn’t tell you." Xu Ran glanced at the other party, replying calmly.

The Jackal Overlord didn’t take offense but instead, its gaze flickered.

It had been suspecting whether Xu Ran had discovered something, but with such a reaction from Xu Ran, it now felt that he probably hadn’t found anything at all.

As Xu Ran was exchanging words with the Jackal Overlord, new movement came from the passage: figures emerged, and following Fang Canghai, five Beast Emperors from the side of the Transcendent Beings appeared.

None of these Beast Emperors had decreased in number, but each was wounded, indicating that the main hall had witnessed an intense struggle.

The state of Fang Canghai’s six Emperor Stage Pet Beasts was slightly better, but they too were not unscathed.

Subsequently, the Overlord stage beings and the Overlord Level Beast Masters from the Human side also poured into the passage, entering the side hall.

The Humans quickly banded together, with Fang Canghai shooting an inquiring glance at Xu Ran, who had entered the side hall earliest.@@novelbin@@

Without much hesitation, Xu Ran directly shared his discovery with the excitement of a pounding heart, "Elders, in this side hall, we have the advantage."

"The Yang Guang Celestial Palace is a relic left by a powerful Human civilization from another world, so many of its arrangements were made to benefit Humans."

"If I’m not mistaken, this place was where the Humans from that world would sacrifice Transcendent Beings after hunting them and obtain treasures."

"Combining what we know about the Humans from that other world and the content of the murals, this guess is likely not wrong," Fang Canghai spoke slowly, "but you said we have the advantage, how so?"

"On the mural, the twelve Humans brought back more than twelve Transcendent Beings for sacrifice," Xu Ran’s eyes brightened, "but in the last image, they all disappeared."

"This suggests that even if twelve Transcendent Beings die within the formation, the formation will continue to attack Transcendent Beings, but Humans can enter it to gain treasures!"

"So, we don’t have to do anything, just wait for them to enter and sacrifice themselves eleven more times, and we can take the treasures right before their eyes?" You Shengjiang’s face showed a somewhat smug expression.

Sounded exhilarating indeed.

Other Beast Masters also began to smile at this moment.

"I’m afraid it’s not that easy," Fang Canghai dashed a bit of cold water on the group, "I saw the five Beast Emperors also questioning the earlier entered Transcendent Beings. They must be aware that this formation demands the sacrifice of twelve lives."

"But they certainly don’t know what’s on the murals on the bricks."

"So, we must make good use of this information asymmetry."

Almost as soon as Fang Canghai’s voice fell, the Radiant Phoenix let out a clear croak, "Humans, this place requires the sacrifice of twelve lives. Our side of Transcendent Beings has already sacrificed one."