Chapter 758 - 359: Confrontation, Enter The Heavenly Palace!

Hearing Fang Canghai’s words, everyone fell silent in unison.

They had killed an Emperor Stage Transcendent Being unintentionally, triggering and then activating a site that certainly didn’t look ordinary.

Do you even hear what you’re saying?

Even Xu Ran, for a moment, looked at Fang Canghai with a somewhat strange expression in his eyes.

It always felt like this senior carried a bit of his own style.

"Alright, the Yang Guang Celestial Palace isn’t the issue right now," Fang Canghai, seemingly feeling that it wasn’t quite right to put on airs, coughed lightly, "It seems like we’ve attracted all the Transcendent Beings of the entire site."

As his voice fell, terrifying auras rapidly approached from all directions.

In but a breath’s time, dozens of incredibly formidable creatures arrived on the scene, their eyes revealing a fierce light as they regarded the group.

Any one of them was far stronger than those Quasi-domineering Level beings Xu Ran and the five little ones had killed before because these were genuine Overlord Stage beings.

The difference was only one character, but it was like night and day.

Quasi-domineering Level beings, being King Stage creatures trying to evolve into Emperor Species and failing, possessed far greater strength than ordinary King Stage beings because they had faintly touched that threshold.

But in terms of Life Level, they were still considered King Species.

Whereas Overlord Stage beings were genuine Emperor Species.

And at this moment, the arrival of these dozens of Overlord Stage beings was just the beginning.

They did not strike immediately but bowed their heads in unison, even the Imperial Crowns above their heads silently dimming down.

The next instant, five colossal crowns, each far surpassing the combined brilliance of dozens of Overlord Stage Imperial Crowns, descended from the void.

Five Beast Emperors arrived together, encircling the pillar of light that pierced heaven and earth as well as the group of people below the pillar.

"Humans, we should thank you for opening the Yang Guang Celestial Palace for us," one of the Beast Emperors cloaked in a fierce wind, its form extremely blurry, laughed coldly with a hehe, "We of the Beast Race could never have broken its seals."

"To repay you, I’ll give you a swift death."

"You sure talk a lot," Fang Canghai glanced at the other party, the Hexagram Star Array shimmering behind him, and in the next instant, a Kite bird swept along by violent winds emerged from the void, its Imperial Crown thunderously descending as its cold eyes locked onto that Beast Emperor from afar.

This sudden turn of events startled all the Transcendent Beings present.

Not because an extra Beast Emperor had suddenly appeared, but...

"You are not Humans," another Phoenix, surrounded by dazzling light, spoke solemnly, its expression suddenly filled with doubt and uncertainty, "When did the power of your kind turn out like this?"

"If you’re talking about the Humans of your world, we certainly are not," Fang Canghai sneered, "But does that matter?"

"The Yang Guang Celestial Palace is our must-have prize!"@@novelbin@@

As Fang Canghai’s voice fell, one after another, the Beast Emperors swiftly descended.

A total of five Emperor Stage Pet Beasts faced off against the encircling five Beast Emperors, ten Imperial Crowns suspended like ten great suns in the sky, their momentum vast and unfathomable.

Meanwhile, at Fang Canghai’s feet, his strongest Pet Beast, an azure-colored Azure Dragon had not even made a move yet.

Overlord Level Beast Masters from various Second Level Towns were no longer silent, each commanding their Pet Beasts to act. In terms of numbers, the Humans even held the advantage.

At this point, the only one who hadn’t moved was Xu Ran.

It wasn’t his choice; Transcendent Beings below the Overlord Level simply didn’t have the qualifications to stand here, and he couldn’t beat any of these creatures.

Behind him, the five little ones looked at each other—you look at me, I look at you—before finally commenting pompously on the domineering emperors present.

"Meow~" (Look at that big guy, it’s also a cat!)

"Xi Lu~" (Why aren’t there any horses?)

"Cha~" (I see several turtles, and even more dragons.)

"Chirp?" (Shouldn’t birds be the most numerous?)

"Luhou..." (Actually, there are quite a few bears too...)

Listening to the five little ones’ nonchalant chatter, and witnessing a grand scene he had never seen before in his life, the Bright Group was overwhelmed with fear, almost fainting.

Was it abnormal, or was this world abnormal?!

The sudden appearance of even more Overlord and Emperor Stage beings on the Humans’ side also stupefied the Transcendent Beings present.

Even the hatred at the forefront of their minds was temporarily dispersed, at this moment filled with a single thought.

Who am I? Where am I? What am I supposed to do?

"Although I don’t know exactly what kind of struggle you’ve had with the Humans of your world, we’re not interested in getting involved, and there’s no need for you to lump us together with them," seeing that intimidation had subdued the other side, Fang Canghai’s tone eased slightly.

"If you set aside that hatred, the rule of Transcendent Beings is the survival of the fittest. Now that we are stronger, you should know what to do, right?"

"Hmph!" The Radiant Phoenix snorted softly, its tone laced with extreme dissatisfaction, "I admit you have some advantage, but if it comes to a fight to the death, you might not come out on top either."

"The Yang Guang Celestial Palace belongs to this place by right; you outsiders think to compete for it alone, bypassing us?"

"So it’s a contest of skills then?" Fang Canghai sneered, "We shall enter together, whoever gets it, keeps it."

"Fine!" The voice of the Radiant Phoenix still carried a heavy dissatisfaction, but it also knew that this was the best result it could hope for.

These inexplicably powerful newcomers held the advantage against all the premier forces of this realm.