Chapter 759 - 359: Confrontation, Entering The Heavenly Palace!_2

Desiring no further conversation, the Radiant Phoenix gave the other four Beast Emperors a look, then they all flew into the column of light together.

In an instant, mysterious runes emerged from the column of light, enveloping the five Beast Emperors with an invisible suppressing force that thunderously descended, causing their might to rapidly fall from Emperor Stage until it settled at King Stage.

This shocking scene caused the movements of the five Beast Emperors to stiffen, and their expressions turned particularly ugly.

What’s going on?

Has the Yang Guang Celestial Palace been lost for so many years only to have such restrictions within it?

"Hahaha~" Seeing the discomfiture of the five Beast Emperors, Fang Canghai laughed heartily as he stepped into the column of light, but the next moment he couldn’t laugh anymore.

Because the abilities of his six Emperor Stage Pet Beasts were also suppressed to the King Stage by the same suppressing force.

Even the power that he felt through his Beast Taming Contract was not spared from the catastrophe.

"It seems everyone is the same," You Shengjiang muttered under his breath, then without hesitation, he led his own Pet Beasts into it.

As an Overlord Level, both his own strength and the strength of his six Pet Beasts were likewise suppressed to the King Stage.

At this moment, the situation became very clear.

The strength of any creature that entered and exceeded that of the King Stage would be suppressed.

Seeing this, Xu Ran’s expression instantly became animated.

Upon hearing that Fang Canghai and the Radiant Phoenix had reached an agreement to enter on the basis of each relying on their own abilities, he had almost given up on the idea of entering.

After all, running into any Overlord Stage would be enough to give him a rough time.

He had no idea that this Yang Guang Celestial Palace could actually suppress all power to the King Stage!

With this, he still had a chance.

Although all the creatures present were of the Emperor Species, being suppressed to the King Stage still meant they were of the King Stage·Emperor Species, which was not much different from Ziyun.

However, there were still differences in strength among the Emperor Species, and the Astonishing Cloud Chaser with its potential of six stars was undoubtedly among the strongest.

All skills are Four Stars, and most skills are Dual Attribute skills.

Now who else is there?

Apart from Ziyun, Cancan and Crow combined should also be able to handle one opponent, and he alone with Star should be able to handle another.

The Bright Group would act as the atmosphere lamp, and the fireflies were responsible for taking care of the Bright Group.

In this way, they also counted as having three King Stage·Emperor Species combatants.

If they encountered any solitary creatures, they could also take the initiative to give them a thorough beating.

"Let’s go, we’ll enter too." Having calculated for a moment, Xu Ran suddenly gained considerable confidence, waved his hand, and led the five small ones into the column of light.

Feeling their entry, the runes within the column of light flickered.

However, these runes flew to Xu Ran and the five small ones only to voluntarily disperse in front of them.

Truly weak, bad luck!@@novelbin@@

The other Overlord Level Beast Masters and Overlord Stage Transcendent Beings were also not daring to delay, fearing that lagging behind might give others a chance to snatch the good stuff; they surged into the column of light like a dark tide—Xu Ran swore he had never seen so many Overlord Stage in his life.

Just like dumplings being dropped into boiling water.

Sensing the urgency, he didn’t dare to delay any longer. He fiercely squeezed Star’s belly, his form shooting through like a long rainbow piercing the sun, making for the silent depths of the Heavenly Palace.

The earth gave rise to rock walls, each one taller than the last, transforming into a ladder reaching straight to the Heavenly Palace, with one man and five beasts surpassing one powerful creature after another, rushing into the opened gates of the Heavenly Palace without hesitation.

After entering, it suddenly opened up.

Xu Ran’s steps came to an abrupt halt in the vast main hall of the Heavenly Palace.

All the Transcendent Beings that had entered before him had stopped here.

Because above everyone’s heads, at the highest point of the dome, were embedded dazzling, colorful, giant gems.

Upon closer inspection, it was clear that within those gems, a variety of rare treasures were concealed, and the light was also emanating from these treasures.

"Chah!" (That’s the Eye of the Gargoyle!)

Cancan let out a low cry, lifting its head high, gazing at one of the gems in the dome, that stone-like, eyeball-like orb.

In just an instant, it recognized that this was another material it needed for its evolution!

Xu Ran nodded slightly but did not take action immediately.

The five Beast Emperors and Chairman Fang all stood still, which definitely meant something; he wanted to see what was so unusual about these gems first.

Just at this moment, a figure swiftly flew in from the main entrance.

It was a crow covered in crimson-gold feathers, wrapped in rolling heat waves that made other creatures retreat by three feet.

As soon as it entered the main hall, its gaze settled on the gems in the air.

Its eyes instantly burst with an incredibly greedy and eager light. The Overlord stage fire crow flapped its wings fiercely without hesitation and took off, flying towards the high sky.

Seeing the other beings standing around undisturbed, Xu Ran suppressed the urgency in his heart and held his breath as he watched the fire crow.

Initially, the fire crow was calm and composed.

But as it flew about halfway up, its speed gradually slowed down, and its expression became increasingly painful.

Even so, the fire crow did not give up.

Looking at the gems so close at hand, the fire crow squeezed out every bit of potential, trying to take away a treasure from one of the gems that seemed infinitely attractive to it.

A clear "snap" rang out in the deadly silent main hall, followed by a grating sound of bones cracking. The fire crow’s body twisted rapidly and then, before the eyes of all, was instantly crushed by an immense force, turning into a mist of blood.

What was even more eerie was that the blood mist did not drift down but was instantly absorbed by the gems above the dome.

After absorbing the blood mist, the lustre of the gems became a few notches brighter.

"In this main hall, the closer to the dome, the stronger the pressure around. The pressure at the dome’s location is enough to burst even an Emperor Species at the King Stage," said You Shengjiang, who had at some point appeared beside Xu Ran.

"Before you arrived, there had already been five or six unfortunate folks who died here. What’s more frightening is that those gems absorb the flesh and blood of the burst victims to strengthen themselves, in other words…" You Shengjiang paused, "the more who die, the harder it is to get the items."

"What about long-range attacks?" Xu Ran asked with a solemn expression.

"Long-range attacks?" You Shengjiang laughed, about to speak, but then he suddenly shut his mouth.

Because there were already impatient creatures starting to try.

On the side of the Transcendent Beings, a fox-like Overlord suddenly spewed a cannon-like flame towards the high sky.

In the past, such flames could easily incinerate everything, leaving not even ash behind. But now, before the eyes of all, the flame was rapidly weakened, dimming and fading away before even reaching the dome.

If that were all, it might not have been too bad, but after the flame dispersed, a thread-like beam of light instantly shot down from the dome. Before the fire fox could react, it pierced right through its head.

A tiny hole appeared in the fire fox’s head, and then it collapsed loudly to the ground, losing all signs of life.

Xu Ran: "…"

"Can’t get close, can’t attack?" Xu Ran’s expression became intriguing, "So how do we take away the things in the gems?"

"If I knew, I would have taken them already," You Shengjiang spread his hands.

Xu Ran was momentarily at a loss for words.

Forget it, Vice President You is unreliable.

"Xi Lu~" (Could it have to do with the colors of these gems?)

Star carefully observed the gems above the dome and then suddenly spoke up.

"The colors of the gems?" Xu Ran looked up.

There were nine gems above the dome, each of a different color.

But what did that mean?

"Chirp!" (Look at those stone statues!)

Twelve shifted his gaze away from the dome above and scanned the other objects within the main hall, then suddenly his body trembled as he let out a low cry.

Xu Ran looked around and then a look of surprise appeared on his face.

Too focused on looking at the dome, he had not noticed the surroundings.

Within this main hall stood nine colossal humanoid stone statues, each holding a different weapon, uniformly displaying a stark white rock color, save for one distinct feature.

That was their eyes.

The eyes of the statues were painted with different colors, the nine colors exactly matching those of the gems in the air!