Chapter 763 - 362 Lucky Cancan

At the moment when all the Transcendent Beings were in a frenzy, another side chamber located on the other side of the passageway lit up behind each Beast Master with a Hexagram Star Array.

In the midst of the storm that was kicked up, all Pet Beasts returned.

"They really know nothing about the methods of a Beast Master," Fang Canghai chuckled, "It’s a pity that such a trick can only deceive them once."

"Being able to deceive them once is enough," Zhou Qing, not far from Fang Canghai, slowly said, "Chairman Fang, there are only four halls in this Yang Guang Celestial Palace, right?"

"Correct, one main and three side halls, four halls in total," Fang Canghai nodded. When the Yang Guang Celestial Palace appeared, he had rode the Giant Dragon to circle around and observe, so he had some understanding of the structure of the Yang Guang Celestial Palace.

"Above the four halls, there is a second level, and if I’m not mistaken, one must go through all the halls to be able to enter it."

"In that case, why don’t we just give up on this side hall and head to the next one?" Qi Yuan’s eyes flashed as he took the initiative to speak, "Those Transcendent Beings will definitely not want to give up the opportunities here, so that would give us a moment to delay them."

"This…" Fang Canghai wore a contemplative expression, surveying the surroundings.

Unlike the previous two halls, this one could be said to be completely empty, without a single object that looked like a treasure.

"Xu Ran, what do you think?" He turned his inquiring gaze to Xu Ran, who was carefully observing in silence.

The other Beast Masters also looked over at this moment.

With Xu Ran’s impressive performance in the previous two halls, all the Beast Masters present had high expectations of him.

"I think…" Xu Ran scratched his head, not having found many important clues, "with almost no treasures visible in this side hall, those Transcendent Beings likely won’t linger, and might even think that we’ve taken the treasures here and have already entered the fourth hall."

"More importantly, I feel that the treasures here might be even more important than those in the first two main halls," Xu Ran’s voice held a certain firmness.

Hearing this, Fang Canghai immediately looked surprised, "Have you already discovered the opportunities here?"

"Not yet, but I have some speculations," Xu Ran turned his head to look at the empty hall, exchanging a glance with Cancan.

"Cha~" ("Look at me!")

Cancan extended a paw, pressed firmly upon the Earth, and then a terracotta-colored halo erupted around them.

After one breath’s time, the halo dissipated, and Cancan walked confidently to a certain spot within the hall.

Just as expected!

A hint of joy appeared in Xu Ran’s eyes.

If the secret was not on the ground, then it could naturally be beneath it.

He quickly walked over to the spot indicated by Cancan, carefully examining the floor tile under his feet.

This floor tile… looked like a painting, but upon closer inspection, there was an incongruent spot.

He cautiously stepped forward, pressing down an inch on the mismatched spot, and then the entire painting seemed to harmonize.@@novelbin@@

A deep roaring sound echoed from beneath, and the whole floor tile instantly split into two, flipping outward to reveal a stone pillar that was slowly rising.

Stone pillar!

Xu Ran’s eyes brightened.

He was familiar with this scene!

"Cancan! Continue!" signaling Cancan to keep looking for other pillars, Xu Ran began to examine the pillar that had just risen.

Unlike the pillars he encountered in the ruins before, this one bore no marks of weapons, smooth as new.

"What’s this?" Fang Canghai strode over, looking at the stone pillar with a puzzled expression.

"I previously discovered a ruin left by a human force from another world; it had become a ruin, but some opportunities there were not destroyed," Xu Ran explained, "Seeing that this place was empty, I thought of this possibility."

"This must be a method of protecting legacies in that world, and the things they protected, are probably more precious than what we’ve discovered before."

Hearing this, the other Beast Masters showed excited expressions.

They agreed with what Xu Ran said.

They hadn’t expected to be so lucky, discovering the way to open this place so quickly.

"Good thing we didn’t just leave, otherwise we would have missed out on this precious opportunity," Qi Yuan said with a laugh and a hint of self-mockery.

As everyone talked and laughed, Cancan had already found the second unusual spot.

With the experience of the first, Xu Ran repeated the process, and quickly the second pillar rose amid the rumbling sound.

As Xu Ran and Cancan prepared to activate the third spot, a series of rumbling sounds came from the passageway, making all the Beast Masters present slightly change their expressions.

The Transcendent Beings were coming.

"Block them in the passageway," Fang Canghai grunted, making a decisive command, as six Emperor Stage Pet Beasts simultaneously unleashed their power, blocking the entrance to the passageway.

Just now, humans had taken the first step with a strategem to block the following Transcendent Beings; the narrow yet sturdy passageway was not something that Transcendent Beings suppressed to King Stage strength could forcibly break through.

As long as the humans’ Pet Beasts focused their fire on the other side of the passageway, keeping the Transcendent Beings at bay, they’d have no strategy left.

Other Overlord Stage Pet Beasts followed closely behind, attacks bursting towards the passageway entrance without a dead angle.

The Transcendent Beings who had just peeked their heads out of the passageway were directly confused by a barrage of attacks, and their charge was immediately contained amidst angry roars.

The third, the fourth, the fifth…

One by one, stone pillars activated by Xu Ran slowly rose from beneath the floor tiles.

Eventually, within the originally empty palace, a total of ten stone pillars appeared.

These ten pillars formed a gigantic circle, and when the last pillar had completely risen, the tremendous power hidden within the pillars was immediately triggered, gathering together and causing the center of the palace to rapidly distort in space.