Chapter 767 - 364: The Long Bygones, Yang Guang Cultivation Method

```

"This..."

Seeing the man in the pavilion, the expressions of the crowd changed dramatically.

Clearly, they had never contemplated the possibility that within the relic there existed another world with humans.

Soon, however, Fang Canghai noticed something was amiss.

"This is not his true self," he said gravely, his eyes filling with bewilderment.

Because he could not fully discern the state of the other at this moment.

"Indeed, this is not my true self," the man replied with a slight smile upon hearing Fang Canghai’s words, "My true self has long perished; this is but a remnant consciousness."

"I mean no harm," his face carried traces of reminiscence and nostalgia, "Once, I led the strong from the Heavenly Palace to suppress the Dawn Realm, sealing countless from the Beast Race, sinking into silence here, unaware of the passing of time. Your language is quite foreign to me, which must mean the world has changed dramatically."

"I wish to know what the situation is like beyond the Dawn Realm now."

"Does the world still remember the Yang Guang Celestial Palace? Is the Cangming Boundary Stele still stable? Has the Beast Race retaliated?" he asked, glancing at the people and frowning slightly.

"Your strengths seem very illusory, full of vigor but lacking spirit; yet surprisingly, your realms are not low. Has the tradition of martial arts in the human race really decayed to such an extent?"

"Odd, with such illusory strength, how do you manage to command so many from the Beast Race? Could it be through enticement?"

Listening to the man’s murmurs, everyone’s expressions froze in unison.

If they hadn’t misheard, it seemed this fellow thought them weak?

"Shall I speak?" Fang Canghai glanced at the people behind him, then began speaking slowly.

Everyone nodded in agreement.

Among their group, Fang Canghai, as the leader, was naturally the most qualified to converse with the other party.

With consensus reached, Fang Canghai stepped forward, approaching the man, "Senior, the situation may be somewhat different from what you think," he said slowly.

"The Dawn Realm you’ve mentioned should be the relic space in which we currently are, right?" Fang Canghai stated, "It originally did not belong to our world and appeared here due to some unknown reasons."

"So, we and you are not from the same world."

"This..." The man showed a look of utter astonishment, clearly not expecting such a revelation, "While still alive, I had heard that beyond the heavens there were other heavens, but I never imagined it to be true."

A touch of regret showed on his face, "It’s just a pity that I have perished, otherwise I would have wished to see the wonders of this new world."

Looking again at Fang Canghai and the crowd, his eyes showed a slight change, "So, you are not of illusory strength, but your power is different from ours?"

"Yes," Fang Canghai nodded, "In our world, the power we possess is the Beast Taming Power. We form contracts with Transcendent Beings to command them in battle, and we strengthen ourselves through the power reflected back by these beings."@@novelbin@@

"I see," the man’s face revealed an epiphany, "No wonder you can travel alongside so many from the Beast Race."

"In our world, humans and the Beast Race are mortal enemies," the man shook his head slightly, lamenting, "If our world also possessed such power, perhaps that battle would not have occurred."

"Senior, the Transcendent Beings in our world originally came from yours," Fang Canghai stated somberly, "According to historical records, they appeared suddenly."

"Had our ancestors not discovered the power of Beast Taming to oppose them, we might have been annihilated by the Transcendent Beings."

"Even so, the situation for the human side is still not very favorable."

"It seems there is more to that battle than I am aware of," the man’s expression shifted continuously, and after a while, he spoke slowly, "Since you’re not from the same world as I am, then you didn’t come here to reminisce with me, did you?"

"Senior, I want to know what exactly was the so-called final battle in your world," Fang Canghai asked slowly.

Various signs indicated that the appearance of Transcendent Beings in this world had a significant connection with that battle between humans and the Beast Race in another world.

Uncovering the secret might provide a way to solve the ongoing issues with Transcendent Beings at their source.

"The final battle..." the man fell silent for a moment before he slowly continued, "In our world, the method of human cultivation was Martial Tao."

"Martial Tao involved cultivating spirit, which refers to the exploration of one’s own power."

"During the process of cultivation, the earliest human powerhouses discovered that the resources left behind by fallen members of the Beast Race greatly assisted in the advancement of Martial Tao."

"The Beast Race was fierce, delighting in slaughtering humans, thus it was only natural for humans to kill members of the Beast Race to improve their Martial Tao cultivation,"

"Over time, the hatred between the two grew deeper and became utterly irreconcilable."

"The Beast Race repeatedly invaded human territories, and human powerhouses often entered the lands of the Beast Race to slaughter and obtain more cultivation resources, escalating the conflict until both sides were blinded by rage," the man paused before concluding, "That led to the final battle."

"It was a battle where both humans and the Beast Race staked their fate and survival, spreading across the entire continent, leaving no creature unscathed."

"Ultimately, several peerless human powerhouses burned their essence, strength, and spirit to achieve victory in the final battle, driving the main forces of the Beast Race to the Cangming Lands, the most desolate corner of the world,"

"The humans reforged three Supreme Divine Weapons and created the Cangming Boundary Stele to completely seal the main forces of the Beast Race in the Cangming Lands, never to emerge again."

"The Dawn Realm was a minor world in our world, held by the Yang Guang Celestial Palace."

```