Chapter 771 - 366: The Battle Of The Semi-Saint

Upon hearing the words of the Demon Wood Demigod, the Cloud Crow Demigod’s eyes instantly narrowed.

It had never expected the Demon Wood Demigod to reject its offer so decisively.

"Do you understand the consequences this will bring?" the Cloud Crow Demigod asked, its voice instantly turning ice-cold. The formidable presence of a Semi-Saint burst forth, plunging all beings present, save for the Demon Wood Demigod, into an abyssal void.

"Such pretension from the Cloud Crow Demigod, but after all, this is Beast Field number 47."

The Demon Wood Demigod spoke calmly, its branches gently swaying. The pressure on its allied Transcendent Beings dissipated instantly, while the Beast Emperor from Beast Field number 8 and the two vassal Beast Emperors now felt an even greater pressure descending upon them.

"Speaking of which, since I’ve broken through, I’ve yet to cross hands with a counterpart of the same stage."

"Why don’t I use you to try out my skills?"

Having said this, before the Cloud Crow Demigod could respond, the Demon Wood Demigod’s true body suddenly extended a branch covered in cyan-gold patterns. The branch, like a divine whip, spread instantly, its imprinted patterns radiating divine light, shrouding the area in an instant.

Before the branch even descended, the aura of the Cloud Crow Demigod began to plummet rapidly, as if it were being forcibly suppressed back down to the Emperor Stage.

"Audacious!"

The Cloud Crow Demigod let out a furious roar, having never anticipated that upon representing Beast Field number 8, the Demon Wood Demigod would not only fail to show any reverence but would also strike without a word.

In war, envoys are spared!

Though enraged, the Cloud Crow Demigod reacted swiftly.

The bizarre force that seemed to be rewriting the order of the area made its heart shiver, but being also a master of the Leap Attribute, it was not about to sit idly by.

Find adventures on empire

With a furious shout, the Saint Spirit Wheel of Life behind the Cloud Crow Demigod spun rapidly, intertwining beams of light converged, unleashing a formidable power, and instantly, countless web-like fractures appeared in the void.

The next moment, accompanied by a clear shattering sound, space itself suddenly collapsed, creating a deep rift that swallowed up everything around it, and the Order Force that had enveloped heaven and earth was also ruptured.

Hmm?

The Demon Wood Demigod was startled, and its face, formed in the void, showed a hint of interest.

This fellow’s Leap Attribute seems quite interesting.

Spatial Attribute?

Fighting spirit ignited in the eyes of the Demon Wood Demigod.

"I’ve long heard of the great strength of the Silent Spirit Divine Crow clan, one of the leading existences among the holy races. Today, I shall truly experience it!"

"You will see it!" replied the Cloud Crow Demigod, its race revealed but showing no surprise. It gave the Demon Wood Demigod a deep look before taking advantage of the new Order Force not yet arriving, flapping its wings and appearing a hundred miles away in an instant.

This is the Monster Wooden Domain, fraught with the power of the Demon Wood Demigod.

It would be unwise to battle the Demon Wood Demigod here.

The Demon Wood Demigod chuckled, its countless roots underground drawing together before suddenly erupting from the earth and soaring into the sky, chasing after the Cloud Crow Demigod.

In a chase and flash, the two Semi-Saints had left the range of the Monster Wooden Domain.

"You certainly have a lot of nerve," the Cloud Crow Demigod said with a cold laugh, observing the Demon Wood Demigod that hovered in the void.

So, you don’t mention being inconvenienced now?

Its gaze sharpened, and undisguised killing intent gleamed in its eyes.

It knew the Beast Saint’s attitude towards the Demon Wood Demigod from Beast Field number 8.

An existence with the Order Attribute, leaning towards the human side, if it could not remain under their watch forever, then destruction was the only path.

Thus, if it could kill its opponent now, upon returning to Beast Field number 8 it would not be punished; on the contrary, it would be rewarded.

Although it had been at a disadvantage in the earlier skirmish, the Cloud Crow Demigod believed that this was because it was in the opponent’s territory, which had been cultivated over a long period, thus naturally endowed with many strategies.

Away from the Monster Wooden Domain, what was there to fear from the Demon Wood Demigod?

After all, even within Beast Field number 8, the Silent Spirit Divine Crow clan was renowned, for the Evolution Path they commanded was Spatial Leap!

The force of space is unpredictable and manifold in methods.

Order, what can it do to it?

"Kill!" With a sharp cry, the Cloud Crow Demigod’s figure flashed as the Saint Spirit Wheel of Life spun rapidly, its massive wings stirring the void into ripples.

The moment the Demon Wood Demigod turned its gaze, the Cloud Crow Demigod fiercely flapped its wings, slashing out two streaks that extended a thousand miles, their tails twisting with the fabric of space, their tips engulfed in darkness as though they could devour everything.

Those were fissures in space!

Four Stars Leap Skill, Great Dimensional Slash!

As the Extraordinary Creature Races ascended to the ranks of the Holy Spirit Race, the original Four Stars skills would likewise evolve and no longer be distinguished by proficiency!@@novelbin@@

The face of the Demon Wood Demigod changed slightly; a branch flicked out like lightning, its cyan-gold patterns illuminating the heavens and the earth, unleashing the Power of Order in an instant.

Some of the force was instantly absorbed by the Great Dimensional Slash, but a greater part of it forcefully altered the surrounding order, as if an invisible hand had descended, pressing the ruptured spaces back into place with a crash.

Four Stars Leap Skill, Order · Stabilize!

Seamlessly neutralizing the opponent’s Great Dimensional Slash, the Demon Wood Demigod looked up swiftly, fixing its eyes on the changing expression of the Cloud Crow Demigod.

"Swoosh!"

The sound of tearing through the wind resounded as the extended branch shot explosively towards the Cloud Crow Demigod.