Chapter 764 - 362 Lucky Cancan_2

A dark and obscure cave entrance appeared in the center of the palace.

On the other side of the entrance, there were countless points of light, like stars.

"I’ll go in and scout ahead," Fang Canghai nodded at the others and strode into it.

After a moment, Fang Canghai emerged from the darkness, his expression a bit strange.

"Chairman Fang, did you find anything?" The other Beast Masters asked one after another.

"It’s hard to describe, what I found is very precious, but useless to me," Fang Canghai paused, "It’s information on the location of a Saint Rank resource, but it’s not in our world."

Everyone: "..."

Was the location of a Saint Rank resource precious?

Without a doubt.

Just the location alone already exceeded the value of an Emperor Stage resource.

After all, the Saint Rank is the strongest among the existing power levels.

But since the Yang Guang Celestial Palace originated from another world, the location it provided was naturally that of another world, and could be said to be completely useless.

Compared to entering another world, it might be easier to kill a Saint Spirit.

"Forget it, you guys try," Fang Canghai shook his head helplessly, "maybe you’ll have better luck."

"Xu Ran?"

"I’ll wait," Xu Ran cleared his throat, "you go first."

He never had much confidence in matters of luck.

"Then I’ll give it a try," You Shengjiang, who had been itching to go, laughed heartily and strode into the darkness. Moments later, he emerged with an odd look on his face, "I got a sword technique? It feels pretty powerful."

"Though you’ve never used a sword, Old You, you certainly look the part," Qi Cheng smiled with pursed lips.

"Go away!" You Shengjiang waved his hand irritably, "I’ll get a sword when I’m back and figure it out."

"I’ll try." Qi Yuan entered and soon came out with joy on his face, holding a resource in his hand that had reached the Emperor Stage level in terms of energy intensity.

Immediately, many envious gazes were cast his way, even Xu Ran felt a pang of desire.

One by one, the Beast Masters entered the dark cave to try their luck; some, like Fang Canghai, were unfortunate and only obtained completely useless resource clues, while others had great luck and acquired valuable resources.

When all the other Beast Masters had entered the cave, Xu Ran finally stood up, walked nervously into the darkness.

Entering the cave, all he could see was darkness enveloping him, making everything else dim, without a trace of light.

However, this sensation lasted only about the span of a breath. Soon after, countless shiny points appeared in the air, all of equal size, some bright and some dim, each faintly projecting an aura that attracted Xu Ran.

Intuitively, Xu Ran understood the rules of this place.

He could choose one of the points of light to take with him, the specifics of which would be revealed after his selection.

He could judge based on the brightness of the light and the aura projected from the points.

No wonder the seniors’ picks varied in quality, this was no different from a blind box drawing.

Xu Ran complained to himself and then walked toward the nearest point of light.

This point was quite bright, and the faint aura it projected also brought a distinct sensation of heat to Xu Ran.@@novelbin@@

Unsurprisingly, it should be related to the Fire Attribute.

He then approached a second point of light.

Uh... Thunder Attribute.

Wait a minute… Xu Ran stroked his chin and stopped in his tracks.

He suddenly felt that this aimless search was inefficient, and the process of drawing from these blind boxes gave him a sense of déjà vu.

That’s right, it was similar to when he searched for a Beast Egg in the Beast Egg Library.

How had he found Cancan’s egg back then?

If he remembered correctly, he used a blue item that the system drew, an Insight Mirror.

It’s just a pity that he hadn’t drawn it again after that.

After so many lottery drawings, Xu Ran had realized that the items drawn by the system often had a strong bias and were usually useful to him.

This randomness wasn’t serious at all.

So, what were the odds of drawing an Insight Mirror if he tried his luck now?

"System, you understand what I mean, right?" he murmured to himself, then opened the lottery drawing page.

The last resource allocation had just finished not long ago, and he didn’t have many Pleasure points left, but he could still afford to do forty or so single draws.

With the "Insight Mirror" in his mind, Xu Ran started to do single draws after a long absence.

By the third draw, a smile appeared on his face.

System daddy loves me!

With the Insight Mirror put on, Xu Ran quickly scanned all the light points before his eyes.

At this moment, each light point changed in his view.

Although he still couldn’t see what was inside them, they became large and small, some as tiny as a knuckle, others as big as meters in diameter.

Without doubt, the bigger the light point, the better the stuff inside.

With the godly assist of the Insight Mirror, the speed of screening light points suddenly increased.

Xu Ran picked only the large ones, stopping and going, and quickly reached the dark depths.

A massive ball of light almost ten meters in diameter caught Xu Ran’s full attention.

You’re the one!

He took a deep breath and pressed down hard on this light point.

The next moment, the lights all around dimmed, while the one in Xu Ran’s hand shone even more brightly.

The effect of the Insight Mirror disappeared automatically, and an object fell into Xu Ran’s palm from the dazzling light.

Xu Ran felt a sudden heaviness in his hand, as if he had picked up a little mountain, and he stumbled.

He quickly used his other hand too, veins popping on his forehead, and with all his might, he finally managed to lift the thing which was no bigger than half of his palm.

This was really outrageous, considering that Xu Ran’s strength now was no less than that of King Stage.

With the power to destroy a 3 Level town, one can imagine how great that strength was, and yet such power was still needed to lift this tiny object.

Xu Ran couldn’t help but take a closer look.

It was a six-sided crystal, with earthy yellow liquid slowly flowing beneath a surface clear as glass. The earthy yellow liquid had a dense texture, containing a tremendous power that moved Xu Ran instantly.

If one observed carefully, they could see cold metals, the stark whiteness of rocks, and the brown-green of plants mixed into the earthy yellow liquid, containing a massive life force.

Looking at this wholly unfamiliar resource, information Xu Ran once looked up in the documents came to his mind.

Is this... Marrow of Thick Soil?!

Xu Ran’s expression gradually became strange.

Could this ruin be Cancan’s lucky place?

Otherwise, how could he explain that among the four resources obtained, three were related to Cancan?

The Vein Origin Stone obtained from defeating the Armored Beast King, the Eye of the Gargoyle from the main hall, and the Marrow of Thick Soil he had just acquired.

Had Cancan’s Evolution Materials just come together like this?

With both hands struggling to move the Marrow of Thick Soil, Xu Ran already knew why it had such a terrifying weight.

The term "Thick Soil" referred to the earth itself, not merely thick dirt.

In the attributes of this world, the Earth attribute corresponds to the earth itself.

Metals, rocks, trees, all of these are a part of the earth and thus belong to the Earth attribute as well.

Therefore, Thick Soil can be seen as the most complete, purest Earth attribute Power.

The Marrow of Thick Soil is the product of the supreme compression of Thick Soil’s Power.

This tiny piece of Marrow of Thick Soil, smaller than the size of a palm, was equivalent to the power contained in thousands of acres of land compressed together, hence its incredible heaviness.

Having struggled to move it out of the black hole, Xu Ran directly handed the Marrow of Thick Soil to Cancan, which was already waiting outside the black hole.

"Wow!" (Awesome!)

Excited, Cancan temporarily swallowed and stashed away the Marrow of Thick Soil.

Even as a creature of the Earth attribute, it couldn’t help but buckle under the weight of the Marrow of Thick Soil.

The other four creatures cast envious glances.

Why is Cancan so lucky!!!