Chapter 765 - 363: Double Heaven’S Que!

Because Xu Ran transferred resources to Cancan so quickly, even the Beast Masters present were unable to recognize what exactly Xu Ran had obtained. The only certainty was that it must be a resource.

"Let’s withdraw," Fang Canghai said with a hint of a smile in his eyes as he looked at the blocked entrance tunnel, which the Transcendent Beings still couldn’t break through.

All the Beast Masters present responded in unison, then left their Pet Beasts behind and proceeded alone to the next side hall.

Seeing this, the five leading Beast Emperors almost burst with rage. However, they were at a disadvantage against the group of menacing Pet Beasts and stood no chance, only able to silently curse these detestable humans for not obtaining the opportunity that lay ahead.

Unlike the previous three palaces, the interior of the fourth palace was extravagantly decorated, with finely carved mysterious statues everywhere and relief murals on the walls depicting various Transcendent Beings.

In the center of these decorations was a spiral staircase leading to the dome.

The second floor!

A look of excitement instantly appeared on everyone’s faces.

According to Fang Canghai’s previous observations, the Yang Guang Celestial Palace had only two floors.

Normally, the higher the floor, the more important it is.

Therefore, the second floor must have even more precious treasures than the first floor.

"Let’s go, we...," Fang Canghai began loudly, taking a step forward. All the statues and murals suddenly lit up at the same time, and a tremendous force descended, instantly making him stoop.

Fang Canghai’s face slightly changed, and the other Beast Masters also showed various reactions.

"It seems not so easy to get to the second floor," Qi Yuan murmured as he took a step forward.

A similarly massive force landed on his shoulder, making Qi Yuan temporarily stop in his tracks.

The other Beast Masters also came forward one by one to lightly feel the pressure.

As Xu Ran took a step, he felt as if a heavy boulder had been added to him, making even lifting his leg especially strenuous.

Gravity.

There was some kind of array here that could enhance gravity!

He looked around, then reached towards the nearest statue.

If the statue was glowing, it must be part of the array. If he could destroy it, perhaps he could deactivate the array.

The thought was good in his mind, but the moment Xu Ran reached out, he realized something was wrong.

As his hand neared the statue, the gravity it endured suddenly increased dramatically, as if a mountain was pressing down on his arm.

The terrifying pressure caused Qin Chuan’s elbow to twist uncontrollably, his forearm went straight down, and he couldn’t lift it even a bit.

Clearly, this was a protective measure inherent to the statue, making it extremely difficult to approach and destroy it.

What about long-range attacks?

Xu Ran withdrew his hand and flexed his arm, recovering from the increased gravity, then drew the Mozhui Blade strapped to his back and stepped back several paces.

The newly acquired formidable long blade in Xu Ran’s hand burst forth with a fierce cutting force in an instant. He slowly lifted the blade over his head, took a deep breath, then swiftly brought it down, the blade gleaming like a crescent, carrying a sharp whistling sound as it slashed towards the statue in front of him.

Sky-Cleaving Six Sabers—Second Slash, Crescent Slash!

This powerful strike turned the heads of the other Beast Masters around him, the fierce momentum seemingly able to effortlessly slice through anything. However, the moment the blade’s energy neared the statue, it abruptly stopped, then emitted a grating noise and instantly shattered.

Seeing this, Xu Ran silently sheathed the Mozhui Blade, "The array probably can’t be destroyed. We’ll have to endure it."

"Moreover, the closer to the statues, the stronger the gravity, so everyone should try to keep away from the statues within the array."

"This is indeed a bit challenging," Fang Canghai chuckled, looking at the densely packed statues in front of him.

In this vast palace, there were hundreds, if not thousands of statues.

To withstand such a powerful force of gravity and still be mindful to navigate around them suggested that the second floor indeed was difficult to enter.

Fang Canghai, gradually adjusting to the heavy pressure, took a deep breath and then proceeded with large strides towards the spiral staircase.@@novelbin@@

One step, two steps.

Although Fang Canghai’s footsteps sounded particularly heavy due to gravity, they remained steady.

In the process of moving forward, he still had enough strength to observe his surroundings and avoid the nearby statues.

"Follow Chairman Fang," Qi Yuan chuckled, following closely behind.

The other Beast Masters also caught on, closely following in Chairman Fang’s footsteps, forming a long line.

Though the array was difficult, it wasn’t too hard.

As long as there was one person strong enough to find the correct path, others could simply walk in his footsteps to pass through smoothly.

Just as this idea dawned on everyone, reality harshly slapped them across the face.

As Fang Canghai made it about halfway into the array, the entire array suddenly made a low rumble.

This sudden change caused everyone to instantly halt their steps.

Then, they stared dumbfounded as they found the statues within the entire array range beginning to slowly move!

Although the statues moved very slowly, taking quite a while to shift by about the length of a finger, which wasn’t much different from a snail’s pace, this still cast a shadow over everyone’s hearts.

"Be careful, I’ll give it a try," Fang Canghai spoke sternly, then took several more steps forward.

His expression darkened, and the expressions of the others changed as well.

Because as Fang Canghai drew nearer to the staircase at the center of the array, the statues moved faster.