Chapter 768 - 364: The Long Bygones, Yang Guang Cultivation Method_2

"To permanently solve the calamity of the Beast Race, the human race drove all the remaining power of the Beast Race here. We sacrificed ourselves, forever sealed the Dawn Realm, and branded the gateway to the Dawn Realm within the Cangming Boundary Stele, bolstering the seal’s power in the stele,"

"As for what happened afterwards, I no longer know," the man shook his head slightly, "I too wish to know why the sealed Dawn Realm has appeared here."

"Thank you, senior, for informing us of the details of the final battle," Fang Canghai’s eyes showed a contemplative expression, and he made a mental note of "Cangming Boundary Stele" and "Cangming Lands," "We have another matter to ask of you here."

"Our homeland is about to face an unprecedented catastrophe," his voice grew much lower, "This catastrophe may cause massive casualties and even result in countless humans being displaced."

"We ventured here to find a way to become stronger, to enhance our individual strength in order to face the upcoming disaster."

"I wonder if you could assist us in some way," he said.

"Aren’t the treasures within the four palaces of Yang Guang enough?" the man slowly spoke.

"We are grateful for the treasures you bestowed upon us, but I’m afraid they alone may not be sufficient," Fang Canghai replied with a helpless expression.

If there were any other way, he wouldn’t want to pester an aged man whose only legacy was a lingering will for help, thickening his face.

For the sake of the humans in Beast Field number 47, losing face was acceptable.

"You certainly don’t stand on ceremony," the man laughed softly, "If you were from the same world as I, for the sake of the human race, I would, without hesitation, oblige."

"But you are not from my world, so if you wish to receive anything from me, you must give something in return," he said.

"Please enlighten us, senior," Fang Canghai said with a solemn expression, "What must we give in order to receive your assistance?"

"A promise," the man spoke slowly, "You promise me one thing, and I will help you."

"What is it?"

"If the world you come from ever becomes an enemy of my world in the future, and my world is defeated," a flash of light passed through the man’s eyes, "you must do your utmost to preserve a path to survival for my world’s human race."

"That’s it?" Fang Canghai blinked.

The other’s request was indeed unexpected.

Could the two worlds truly encounter each other in the future?

Fang Canghai felt it was unlikely to happen in his lifetime.

"I am willing," without hesitation, Fang Canghai nodded quickly.

"Not just you," the man looked towards the people behind Fang Canghai.

"I am willing,"

"And me,"

One by one, the people voiced their willingness.

Among the crowd, Xu Ran’s gaze flickered slightly.

Whether it was an illusion or not, each time another person said they were willing, the aura of the man in front seemed to weaken slightly.

"I am willing," suppressing his thoughts, he too spoke up with the others.

[System detected the intrusion of Foreign Realm Oath Power and has neutralized the impact on the host.]

The line of text that appeared instantly caused Xu Ran’s eyes to narrow.

The system had actually popped up at this moment.

Oath Power... Did that mean the man had used some unknown method to make everyone abide by the promise they had just given?

Thoughts swirling in his mind, Xu Ran kept his outward demeanor unchanged.

The man, unaware of any anomaly, saw that everyone had said "willing," and his face took on an additional smile, "Show me this so-called Beast Taming Contract of yours."

"Very well," Fang Canghai nodded slightly, the Hexagram Star Array behind him intertwined, producing a mysterious power that surged, making the man’s eyes narrow slightly.@@novelbin@@

"Interesting power," the man nodded his head slightly, indicating for Fang Canghai to withdraw the power, and then fell into deep thought.

"Your Beast Taming Contracts are intriguing," after a moment, he spoke slowly, "they can receive nurturing power from the contracted Beast Race."

"But your strength is insubstantial because, after receiving that nurturing power, you don’t know how to use it," he went on.

"If you manipulate and master the nurturing power according to the ways of Martial Tao, making it solid, your individual combat power could see a considerable boost in a short time," the man looked at Fang Canghai, "What do you think?"

"Individual power…" Fang Canghai’s expression shifted slightly.

This could work.

After the Beast Master’s contract power reached the Fifth Stage, the power feedback from the five King Stage Pet Beasts was already sufficient to elevate his own strength to the King Stage.

Once contract power entered the Sixth Stage, more Pet Beasts fed back power, and the proportion of feedback power further increased, allowing the Beast Master’s individual combat ability to surpass that of the Pet Beasts.

Even so, Overlord Level and Emperor Level Beast Masters still primarily commanded their Pet Beasts in battle, as they had limited means to utilize their own power directly.

Many high-ranking Beast Masters studied weaponry and martial arts in an attempt to develop their own strength to a certain extent.

However, there is no complete system for this yet.

If they could learn from another world’s established martial methods, the Beast Master’s individual combat power combined with the Pet Beasts would be a formidable alliance.

Besides, there was another important point.

If they really could obtain the methods of Martial Tao’s practice...

Perhaps there was another way to quell this battle.

Thinking of this, Fang Canghai did not hesitate anymore.

"Please bestow the method, senior."

"Very well," the man contemplated for a moment, and then lightly tapped his forehead with one hand.

A bright speck of light appeared at his fingertip, which then flickered slightly, and a profound method of cultivation was revealed to everyone present in the garden.

"This is a special cultivation method I created by combining your Beast Taming Contracts and the various Martial Tao practices of my world. It is named ’Yang Guang Cultivation Method’, as a remembrance to my Yang Guang Celestial Palace."

"It is getting late, and it’s time for you to leave," the man slowly said, "Don’t forget what you have promised me."

The next moment, everyone in the garden vanished from their spot.

The man’s figure became ethereal, his outline no longer clear.

Alone, his face showed traces of fatigue.

Being just a wisp of obsession, he had first covertly employed the Foreign Realm Oath Power, and then expended his strength to deduce a cultivation method. Now, he was like a lamp running out of oil.

But all of this was something he had to do.

"What exactly happened after the final battle?" Worry crossed the man’s eyes.

There were many untold secrets about that battle, which he had never revealed.

Based on Fang Canghai’s descriptions, the man was almost certain that the appearance of the Beast Race and the Dawn Realm in this world was not a coincidence.

That’s why he had guided everyone present to make an oath.

If the scenario he dreaded ever unfolded in the future, there would at least be a glimmer of hope to remedy the situation.

Feeling his power uncontrollably dissipating, struggling even to maintain his form, the man shook his head slightly.

His figure, along with the entire garden, vanished like a mirage, leaving only a sigh echoing in the void.

"It’s over, I’ve still left a trace in this world," he murmured.

Meanwhile, outside the Yang Guang Celestial Palace,

Powerful transcendent beings surrounded the radiance of the Yang Guang Celestial Palace, and Fang Canghai and his companions would have been startled to see the scene.

The number of Transcendent Beings appearing here far exceeded those that had entered the Yang Guang Celestial Palace before.

Not only were there dozens more Overlords, but two more Beast Emperors as well.

Countless King Stage and General stage Extraordinary Beings stood battle-ready in the outer circle in an orderly array.

Amidst the tense atmosphere, the Radiant Phoenix spoke gravely to the crowd of beasts, "In the past, the Yang Guang Celestial Palace suppressed our ancestors. The treasures left by the Yang Guang Celestial Palace should rightfully belong to us, yet now there are humans competing for them."

"These humans truly deserve to die!"

"As soon as they come out, we will attack together."

"Today, they will not take away anything, and they will leave their lives here!"

The beasts roared with fervor but suddenly stopped as if their throats had been clutched, falling silent.

The Radiant Phoenix turned sharply to look behind her.

The Yang Guang Celestial Palace within the column of light was dissipating like a mirage, and the pillar that pierced the heavens rapidly retracted, eventually disappearing from sight.

The humans it sought to trap, however, had already vanished without a trace.