Chapter 766 - 363: The Second Layer Of Heaven’S Gate!_2

Seeing this, Fang Canghai didn’t hesitate to step back several paces, returning to the position he was in before the statue moved.

The array emitted another trembling sound, and the moving statue instantly ceased its motion.

The scene fell into a deadlock for the time being.

As long as someone continued to move forward, the statues would also move, and the further forward one went, the faster the statues would move.

Around these statues was an extremely terrifying gravity.

One could imagine what would happen if someone carelessly collided with a statue.

It was very likely that the Beast Master would be instantly crushed by the statue’s terrifying gravity.

Looking at the ladder leading to the second floor, everyone felt it was a thorny problem.

"Let’s go back," Fang Canghai said in a deep voice after a moment of standoff, "The gravity here is already very strong. If we keep waiting around here, we’ll only exhaust our strength."

Everyone showed a look of helplessness but had no choice but to exit along with Fang Canghai.

"Statues won’t do, what about the bas-reliefs?" the vice-chairman of Xieyun City, Qi Cheng, spoke thoughtfully. She walked step by step toward the walls of the palace adorned with carved dragons and painted phoenixes, eventually stopping in front of a particular bas-relief.

Under the tense gaze of the crowd, she slowly reached out her hand towards the bas-relief.

To everyone’s surprise, there was no terrifying gravity around the bas-relief like that around the statues, and she easily touched the bas-relief itself.

Seeing this, looks of astonishment appeared on everyone’s faces.

Because when the array was activated, these bas-reliefs, along with the statues, were evidently glowing together, indicating they were both related to the array.

The statues couldn’t be touched, but the bas-reliefs could.

At this moment, everyone’s minds were struck by the same thought.

What would happen if these bas-reliefs were destroyed?

Qi Cheng’s eyes flashed, clearly having thought of the same question.

The hand she had on the bas-relief suddenly exerted force, but in the next moment she winced in pain and withdrew her hand as if electrocuted.

When she withdrew it, her hand was slightly twisted, as though it had been fractured.

"It’s a rebound."

Qi Cheng’s voice took on a heavier tone as she bore the pain and corrected the position of her hand bones, speaking with a muffled voice, "The bas-relief rebounded my power and injured my hand."

"A rebound?" Fang Canghai’s eyebrows furrowed slightly and he stepped forward to control his power and punch the bas-relief before falling silent.

In the moment he focused on the bas-relief, he felt the same force rebound onto his own fist.

Because he deliberately controlled his power, he wasn’t hurt, but there was no doubt that Qi Cheng’s judgment was right.

The others stepped forward to try it out one by one. Xu Ran restrained the impulse to draw his sword and lightly slapped the bas-relief, feeling the rebounding force within it, and his face showed a contemplative expression.

Rebound...

Gravity...

If one were to use the power of the bas-reliefs to block the array, it might be possible to cancel out the gravity in the array, but since the bas-reliefs couldn’t be destroyed, it wouldn’t be easy to make use of their unique power.

Xu Ran pondered while walking around, his hand aimlessly wandering over the surface of the bas-reliefs.

Suddenly, he stopped in his tracks.@@novelbin@@

Just now, he felt a sense of activity in his fingertips.

He sharply looked towards the bas-relief he was touching and then saw what he had unwittingly touched a moment ago.

It was a fierce dragon head bas-relief, with a round pearl held in its mouth.

In the world of Beast Masters, such an image of a dragon clutching a dragon pearl also existed, so Xu Ran hadn’t paid it much heed at first.

But at this moment, he suddenly realized something.

The dragon pearl in the mouth of the dragon head bas-relief was moveable!

It was fixed in place within the dragon’s mouth, but with a slight lift, it could be directly taken out!

The moment he took the dragon pearl out and held it in his hand, Xu Ran revealed a smile.

So that’s how it is.

"Everyone look for dragon heads!" Xu Ran held the dragon pearl aloft, "The dragon pearls can be taken out, holding them should allow us to pass through the array!"

Upon a single glance at the Dragon Pearl and the dragon head beside Xu Ran, everyone immediately understood how to operate it. They began searching along the walls within the hall.

After scouring the four walls, they found only nine Dragon Pearls, which meant they had to ascend the ladder in two groups.

Xu Ran, who was the first to discover a Dragon Pearl, naturally belonged to the first group. After a brief exchange, the rest quickly determined the remaining eight candidates.

Under Fang Canghai’s leadership, a group of nine people holding Dragon Pearls strode into the array.

The remaining Beast Masters watched tensely.

When they saw the array activated once again, yet the people walked as though on level ground, and even seemed lighter on their feet, they couldn’t help but cheer.

With such speed, even if the statues came to life, they could easily dodge them!

In no time, the first group had crossed half the distance.

Once again the array vibrated, the statues began moving erratically, and as the nine continued deeper, their speed kept increasing until afterimages appeared.

But no matter how fast the statues moved, the nine, unbound by gravity, could easily evade them.

In the midst of cheers from those waiting outside the array, Fang Canghai, Xu Ran, and the other seven successfully reached the staircase leading to the second level.

The moment they reached the staircase, the Dragon Pearls in their hands violently trembled, bursting with an urge to break free.

The nine looked at each other, then released their hands simultaneously.

Like nine streaks of rainbow light crossing the array, the Dragon Pearls instantly flew back into the mouths of the dragon head reliefs.

The second batch of eager Beast Masters quickly obtained the Dragon Pearls and entered the array.

Eventually, everyone gathered at the staircase and moved to the second level together.

At the same time, a series of Hexagram Star Arrays appeared, and the Pet Beasts that were blocked in the second side hall were called back one by one.

As all the human Beast Masters and Pet Beasts disappeared up the staircase to the second level, the entrance passageway of the third side hall soon filled with furious roars.

Figures crossed the passageway in an instant, and upon seeing the empty third side hall, their expressions turned particularly grim.

"Damn humans!" the Giant Dragon Beast Emperor among the five Beast Emperors let out a roar and, without any hesitation, spread its wings and pursued them.

Already proud and unyielding, it had been completely driven mad by the frustration of being blocked at the passage entrance.

The next moment, the statues in the center and the relief sculptures on the walls all lit up, and a terrifying gravity smashed down on the Giant Dragon Beast Emperor. It stumbled mid-air and crashed heavily towards the ground.

"Scram!"

The Giant Dragon Beast Emperor’s fierce gaze locked onto the statues lighting up in the area, the rancor in its heart made it want to crush everything in sight to smithereens.

Its enormous claw lunged without hesitation towards the nearest statues, while its huge tail swept across other statues on the opposite side, and its massive body pressed down like Mount Tai onto the statues below.

"Stop!" The Radiant Phoenix suddenly perceived something and its expression changed in an instant.

However, its warning was already too late.

As the Giant Dragon Beast Emperor’s body touched the statues, a terrifying gravitational force erupted violently, instantly tearing its massive body to pieces, blood splattering on the spot.

The faces of the other four Beast Emperors darkened in an instant.

With the fall of one Beast Emperor, their ability to face off against the detestable humans was further diminished.

-----------------

Already proud and unyielding, it had been completely driven mad by the frustration of being blocked at the passage entrance.

The next moment, the statues in the center and the relief sculptures on the walls all lit up, and a terrifying gravity smashed down on the Giant Dragon Beast Emperor. It stumbled mid-air and crashed heavily towards the ground.

"Scram!"

The Giant Dragon Beast Emperor’s fierce gaze locked onto the statues lighting up in the area, the rancor in its heart made it want to crush everything in sight to smithereens.

Its enormous claw lunged without hesitation towards the nearest statues, while its huge tail swept across other statues on the opposite side, and its massive body pressed down like Mount Tai onto the statues below.

"Stop!" The Radiant Phoenix suddenly perceived something and its expression changed in an instant.

However, its warning was already too late.

As the Giant Dragon Beast Emperor’s body touched the statues, a terrifying gravitational force erupted violently, instantly tearing its massive body to pieces, blood splattering on the spot.

The faces of the other four Beast Emperors darkened in an instant.

With the fall of one Beast Emperor, their ability to face off against the detestable humans was further diminished.