Chapter 773 - 367: External Aid Plan

Somewhere outside the Mysterious Light Channel, the void suddenly twisted, and then a massive portal appeared out of nowhere.

The next second, countless figures fell out of the portal like dumplings dropping into a pot.

Quickly stabilizing his posture, Xu Ran softly landed and glanced back at the sky covered in mysterious light, his face filled with a touch of melancholy.

He had finally returned.

But immediately after, an expression of pleasant surprise emerged on his face.

The so-called Dawn Realm, the relic they had entered through the Mysterious Light Channel this time, had indeed yielded a rich harvest.

In terms of Pet Beast resources, Cancan had directly gathered all the resources needed for its evolution, and Twelve had also obtained a Main Material for Evolution.

On a personal level, Xu Ran had acquired the first five of the Sky-Cleaving Six Sabers and, in the last moment, had received a special Cultivation Method called "Yang Guang Cultivation Method" from the former owner of the Yang Guang Celestial Palace.

At the moment, he hadn’t yet had the chance to experience its profound mysteries. If it were as miraculous as the palace master had said, Xu Ran’s personal power would soar in a short time.

Maybe there will be a day when he would be up front fighting, and his Pet Beasts would be cheering ’666’ from behind?

"Don’t be in a hurry to leave," Fang Canghai’s voice rang out at this moment, "I know that it’s very dangerous for high-ranking fighters to be absent from their cities for a long time, but there is an issue that requires everyone to discuss and come to a decision."

"How should we deal with the ’Yang Guang Cultivation Method’ we’ve just obtained?"

Hearing this question, people exchanged looks, each with different thoughts.

"Of course, we should spread it out," You Shengjiang, who was straightforward by nature, blurted out without a second thought, "I’ve taken a brief look at this ’Yang Guang Cultivation Method’ and it’s really well-suited for us Beast Masters. It can greatly enhance individual strength in a short amount of time."

"With a calamity hanging over us, the stronger our overall strength, the greater our chances of survival."

Many Beast Masters nodded in agreement at this moment, obviously sharing You Shengjiang’s view.

However, Qi Yuan and several other Beast Masters didn’t immediately express their opinions.

"About this... does Chairman Fang have another idea?" Qi Yuan glanced at Fang Canghai and spoke slowly, "Please feel free to speak directly."

"I do indeed have a different thought," Fang Canghai nodded candidly, "You all know the current situation of Broken Abyss City."

"The Saint Spirit level Beast Masters of Broken Abyss City are currently battling the Beast Saint in the eighth Beast Field. They don’t have the capacity to help us, at most they can only contain the Beast Saint of the eighth Beast Field to ensure it doesn’t appear in the forty-seventh Beast Field."

"But the appearance of Semi-Saints at the Epic Level is still possible."

"At the level of Semi-Saint, the only one we have who can fight them is Demon Wood Semi-Saint."

"If more than one Semi-Saint from the enemy comes, and Demon Wood Semi-Saint can’t cope, our forty-seventh Beast Field could be wiped out at any moment."

"So, we need to figure out a way to find some external support."

"Right now, only we are aware of the ’Yang Guang Cultivation Method.’

"This is a great opportunity."

"If handled properly, we might be able to use it as a bargaining chip to exchange for the intervention of an Epic Level powerhouse from Broken Abyss City."

"The Duanyuan City Beast Tamers Association is unwilling to send strong support, but if an Epic Level powerhouse wants to come on their own, they can’t possibly stop them."

"And so, there arises an issue."

"If it’s going to be used as a bargaining chip, then naturally we cannot disclose this Cultivation Method, at least not until this catastrophe is over."

"After disclosure, Broken Abyss City would easily obtain the Cultivation Method, and why then would the strong figures take action for us?"

"Therefore, this is completely contrary to what Old You just proposed," Fang Canghai spoke with a solemn tone, his face showing a hint of helplessness.

Every Beast Master present fell into silence at this moment.

Fang Canghai’s line of thought was completely different from what they had previously considered.

And this was, without a doubt, a brand-new approach.

"Chairman Fang, I have a question," Qi Yuan spoke gravely, "can you be certain that with this Cultivation Method, you can procure the assistance of an Epic Level powerhouse from Broken Abyss City?"

"Within Broken Abyss City, I have an old acquaintance who is an Epic Level Beast Master," Fang Canghai immediately responded, "I’m roughly eighty percent confident that they would be willing to take action in exchange for the Yang Guang Cultivation Method."

Eighty percent, but not a guarantee.

The crowd fell into a brief silence.@@novelbin@@

If the Yang Guang Cultivation Method was disclosed, the humans within the forty-seventh Beast Field would undoubtedly gain a significant increase in strength, thus gaining a stronger capability to face the calamity, without risk.

But if it wasn’t disclosed, and the Yang Guang Cultivation Method was used as a bargaining chip to secure the action of an Epic Level fighter, the assistance from a high-ranking warrior entering the fray could be more significant, yet it entailed risk.

"Actually..." Qi Yuan pondered for a moment, then slowly continued, "These two options aren’t completely incompatible."

"We can head to Broken Abyss City as soon as possible to confirm whether we can trade the Yang Guang Cultivation Method for their action, and if they refuse to take action, then we can make the Yang Guang Cultivation Method public, enhancing the strength of the Beast Masters of the forty-seventh Beast Field."

"That is indeed a solution," Fang Canghai nodded slightly, then his gaze shifted, looking off into the distance.

A figure in aqua-gold rapidly approached from afar and soon appeared before them, it was none other than Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

"You all got back rather quickly," Demon Wood Semi-Saint’s face formed in the void and he spoke slowly, "As it happens, a little incident occurred while you were entering that relic. I’ve thought it over and decided it’s necessary to inform you about it."

Read the latest on empire

"What happened?" Fang Canghai asked almost instinctively.

"A Semi-Saint emissary from the eighth Beast Field came here to accuse me of a crime and to coerce me into following them to the eighth Beast Field."

At these words, everyone’s expressions quickly turned grave.

The fact that the eighth Beast Field could send an emissary here suggested that they had the spare capacity to deal with the forty-seventh Beast Field’s issues.