Chapter 783 - 372: Ji Xuan Draws His Knife

No need for anyone to signal the start; the moment the Demon Abyss Dragon stepped out, the bout had already begun.

After communicating with the Beast Master, it realized that the human before it was trying to defeat it relying solely on his own strength. It showed a disdainful expression, and a dark Energy Sphere rapidly converged as it opened its mouth, before shooting towards Xu Ran like a laser.

The whole world seemed to darken at that instant.

Staring at the gloomy light, a stroke of gold suddenly appeared beneath Xu Ran’s feet.

An inexplicable power erupted, propelling his body to swiftly dodge to one side.

The Demon Abyss Dragon’s gaze narrowed at that moment, then without hesitation, it twisted the dark breath towards Xu Ran, sweeping over with all the momentum of rolling thunder.

"Clang—"

With a clear ring of a blade, realizing he couldn’t dodge the attack, Xu Ran finally drew his sword.

The robust Power instantly swept along the blade, ultimately converging at the edge. With just a swing, it created a torrent of blade shadows, blooming like flowers.

Sky-Cleaving Six Sabers, the third saber—Hidden Blossom Style! Your next chapter awaits on empire

"Boom!"

The blossoming blade shadows collided with the dragon’s breath in an instant, and the hidden power within burst forth. The piercing force seemed as if it could tear apart heaven and earth, and even the dragon’s breath was shredded in an instant under its power.

The energy fragments that scattered created a storm, which spread across the entire arena in a moment, only to be stopped by an invisible force within the confines of the stage just before it could go beyond.

Seeing this, there was an uproar outside the arena.

Zhou Huanfeng’s Demon Abyss Dragon was among the strongest Pet Beasts of the King Level Beast Masters in the Zhou Family.

In its two evolutions, it had performances that far exceeded its Same Stage peers, and thus it was considered one of the potential next-generation Pet Beasts that might evolve into the Holy Spirit Race.

And the Dragon’s breath that it had just used was its most commonly utilized attack, known as the Breath of the Abyss. Not many King Level disciple’s Pet Beasts could receive this attack without injury.

And now, had this attack just been received by a King Level Beast Master using his Individual Combat Power?

Looking at Xu Ran, who rushed out of the dust and charged at the Demon Abyss Dragon, sword in hand and without even a scratch on his clothes, their astonishment intensified even further.

Is this guy… really a Beast Master?

Equally astonished was Ji Xuan, who was watching the battle from outside the arena.

The sky-full of blade shadows that Xu Ran had slashed out, which had shattered the dragon’s breath, were also imprinted in his mind.

This was a mysterious swordsmanship he had never seen before.

As the person in the Radiant Empire who delved deepest into researching Beast Masters’ Individual Combat Power, the sword was something he had been familiar with since his earliest memories.

As he grew up and became powerful enough to not fear most Transcendent Beings in the Beast Field, he began to wander through various Beast Fields.

His aim was to collect swordsmanship from various human cities, to combine the strengths of many schools and to form a swordsmanship uniquely his own.

He was confident that he knew all the swordsmanship techniques that existed in the Shining Holy Kingdom.

Yet, the strike that Xu Ran, the young man before him, was executing right now was something he had never seen before.

In an instant, Ji Xuan was overcome with intense curiosity about Xu Ran.

If he wasn’t out of consideration for the face of Zhou Polu, he would be itching to call a halt to the bout right now, take the stage himself and measure against Xu Ran to get a clearer feel of this unknown swordsmanship.

On the other hand, Fang Canghai felt his tense mood completely relax after witnessing the first tentative clash between the man and the beast in the arena.

For the past few days, he had been busy moving around Broken Abyss City, and he wasn’t very updated on Xu Ran’s training progress, let alone clear on how strong he had become.

When he heard that Xu Ran was going to face a King Stage · Emperor Species Pet Beast, his heart was pounding hard, for he, an Emperor Level Beast Master, knew all too well how powerful the Emperor Species were.

Fortunately, Xu Ran had done it.

With just one exchange, Fang Canghai could assert that Xu Ran would not be at a disadvantage in this battle.

Even if he did not win, he had already achieved his aim.

Back in the arena, having shattered the Dragon Breath of the Demon Abyss Dragon with Hidden Blossom Style, Xu Ran channeled the robust Essence Force and blood energy to his feet and exploded with extreme speed, rushing out of the dust he had kicked up, sword in hand, to attack the Demon Abyss Dragon.

The reaction of the Demon Abyss Dragon was equally fast. Seeing Xu Ran getting closer and closer, it knew another attack like before wouldn’t pose a threat anymore; it changed its tactics immediately and let out a prolonged dragon roar to the sky.

An invisible force enveloped the entire stage; a terrifying pressure burst forth from the void in an instant, pressing down on Xu Ran who was in motion.

King’s Power!

The crown-like energy atop the Demon Abyss Dragon’s head became incredibly clear at that moment, almost fully outlining a giant Imperial Crown, as overwhelming Attribute Power instantly covered the whole arena, even dimming the skies for a flash.

Imperial Crown!

The two unique Talent Skills of the King Species and Emperor Species unfolded in full at this moment!

In a battle between members of the Emperor Species, activating these skills or not didn’t make much difference.

If one side activated them, the other would naturally do the same.

They would cancel each other out, equivalent to not having them activated at all.

But Xu Ran was a human!

He couldn’t deploy the King’s Power or the Imperial Crown, so these two seemingly ineffective skills now had a proper battlefield to prove their worth!

The terrifying force bore down from above, and Xu Ran, who was in the midst of a charge, involuntarily crouched down as if caught in deep mud, even his movements became extremely difficult.@@novelbin@@

Being common didn’t mean these unique skills of King Species and Emperor Species weren’t powerful!