Chapter 777 - 369: First Visit To Broken Abyss City

Although Xu Ran was astonished at the peculiar transformation that ensued after the collision between the Yang Guang Cultivation Method and the Beast Master’s contract power, he was aware that now was not the time for in-depth investigation.

By comparison, the safety of the 47th Beast Field was of greater importance.

Therefore, after briefly negotiating with Fang Canghai, Xu Ran officially commenced his cultivation of the Yang Guang Cultivation Method.

Following Fang Canghai’s advice, Xu Ran refrained from meditating for the subsequent three days. Without the absorption of contract power, his Qi blood, Essence Force, and Divine Sense gradually equalized while their overall quantity remained unchanged.

Although on the surface, Xu Ran’s own strength seemed to weaken, he was acutely aware of the astonishing new power concealed beneath this facade of diminished Qi blood.

During a rest on the second day of the journey, he managed to bisect a small hill at the waist with a single sword strike, purely through his own power.

The Sky-Cleaving Six Sabers had originated from another world, and when Xu Ran had previously deployed swordsmanship with only his Qi blood, he could not fully unleash its true might.

As his Essence Force and Divine Sense were replenished, this mighty swordsmanship began to reveal new radiance in his hands.@@novelbin@@

"Xu Ran, we’ve arrived," Fang Canghai’s voice rose by his ear, and Xu Ran opened his eyes from cultivation.

Just as he was about to speak, his gaze fell upon the huge city that occupied his entire field of view with an unprecedented scale, and he could not help but show an expression of utter astonishment.

Prior to this, the largest city Xu Ran had ever seen was Xieyun City, indisputably the number one city in the 47th Beast Field. The majestic scale of Xieyun City had given Xu Ran a strong sense of amazement upon his first visit.

At this moment, the impression that Broken Abyss City gave to Qin Chuan was that of an immense scale that shouldn’t exist in reality.

Broken Abyss City, located in the sky.

It was terrifyingly a thousand times larger than Xieyun City, and even at this distance, it almost completely filled Xu Ran’s vision, stretching beyond what the eye could see.

At the bottom of Broken Abyss City, the inverted conical foundation of rock and soil resembled a divine spike pointing towards the earth, wrapped in unfathomable power, pointing to the abyss below.

"Broken Abyss" got its name from this feature.

"Below Broken Abyss City lies the Corpse Abyss," Fang Canghai began slowly, seeming to notice the direction of Xu Ran’s gaze, "This place is the most terrifying Transcendent location in the eighth Beast Field."

"Unlike other Transcendent domains, the Corpse Abyss was formed during a battle with Transcendent Beings several hundred years ago."

"In that battle, both sides lost a total of seven Saint Spirits."

"All seven Saint Spirits fell on the battlefield, their immense Saint Spirit powers mingling with their mutual animosity towards each other."

"Different from ordinary Transcendent Beings, the powers of the Holy Spirit Race, having undergone an Attribute transition, dissipate slower after death, linger longer, and are more likely to affect their surroundings, forming Transcendent domains."

"Among the fallen seven Saint Spirits, one was associated with the Attribute of death. Its power interacted with the powers of the other Saint Spirits, affecting countless fallen Transcendent Beings on the battlefield, forming a perilous ghostly specter."

Your next read awaits at empire

"This is what we now see as the Corpse Abyss," Fang Canghai’s expression naturally became stern as he spoke, "The Corpse Abyss is bottomless, with no telling how many terrifying beings exist in another form after death within."

"Even a Semi-Saint faces danger of death upon entering."

"Broken Abyss City was moved above the Corpse Abyss for a very important reason: to monitor the state of the Corpse Abyss at all times."

"We must never let the entities within the Corpse Abyss escape."

"So that’s how it is," Qin Chuan displayed an enlightened expression.

As he looked again towards the deep abyss, so unfathomable and spine-chilling, he faintly felt as if there was a terrible presence looming beneath the abyss as well.

The land where seven Saint Spirits fell.

Just the thought of it allowed him to viscerally feel an oppressive force bearing down on him,

and yet, Broken Abyss City suppressed this site year-round and constructed such a magnificent scale, clearly showing its confidence in its own strength.

"Let’s go, let’s enter," said Fang Canghai as the two arrived on the vast Floating Island where Broken Abyss City was located.

Unlike other cities, Broken Abyss City had no walls or gates.

Leaping down from the back of a jade Giant Dragon and setting foot on the Floating Island, the ripple that had risen in Xu Ran’s heart due to the Corpse Abyss calmed instantly.

An unprecedented sense of peace and tranquility emerged within him.

A barely discernible layer of light on the periphery of the Floating Island completely isolated the breath of the Corpse Abyss, and the only sensations to greet him were the somewhat sweet and refreshing air and the warm, gentle breeze.

"Quite magical, isn’t it?" Observing Xu Ran’s increasingly astonished expression, Fang Canghai smiled indifferently, seemingly forgetting how he was no different from Xu Ran upon his first visit to Broken Abyss City, "Broken Abyss City, is the capital of the Shining Holy Kingdom."

"Within the territory of the Shining Holy Kingdom, this is the ultimate sanctuary."

"If something were to go wrong in Broken Abyss City, then the entire Shining Holy Kingdom wouldn’t be far from destruction," Fang Canghai spoke as he stepped towards the depths of Broken Abyss City, "Come on, I’ll take you to see the real prosperity of Broken Abyss City."

-----------------

Although Xu Ran was astonished at the peculiar transformation that ensued after the collision between the Yang Guang Cultivation Method and the Beast Master’s contract power, he was aware that now was not the time for in-depth investigation.