Chapter 782 - 371: Is It You?!_2

```

"That junior this time coming to Broken Abyss City has also brought a youngster with him, according to him, the youngster has made some achievements in practicing that cultivation method, and today he will bring him to display the prowess of his swordsmanship,"

"Coincidentally, that kid also wields a sword."

"So, I’ve called you over to take a look."

Ji Xuan glanced at Zhou Polu, then quickly withdrew his gaze, and abruptly stated, "Five pieces."

"Eh... isn’t that a bit much?" Zhou Polu showed a pained expression.

"Then just one piece," Ji Xuan said, seemingly conceding.

"Let’s still go with five pieces," Zhou Polu’s mouth twitched.

Their conversation was a bit cryptic, but they understood each other clearly after decades of acquaintance.

Zhou Polu calling Ji Xuan over today, who was originally unrelated to this matter, was definitely not just for him to take a look.

There was only one message in his words.

If you, Ji Xuan, take a liking to this cultivation method, Beast Field 47 is yours to visit.

Beast Field 47 is too deep a water for Zhou Polu to tread, bearing the weight of a large family on his shoulders, he really dared not venture carelessly.

The overseeing Saint Spirits, although they would not lay hands on him, pressuring his Zhou Family would be as easy as a flick of their fingers.

But Ji Xuan was different.

This guy was all on his own, with no need to give face to those Saint Spirits.

As long as he did not commit a crime that would outrage heaven and earth, the Saint Spirits could not arbitrarily oppress an Epic Level Beast Master.

He was the most suitable candidate to make a move in Beast Field 47.

And as for the Yang Guang Cultivation Method, Zhou Polu was naturally interested.

It was something that could truly elevate his family’s strength by a whole level.

So he planned to obtain it in another way.

That was, after the deal was done, Ji Xuan would teach it to him.

Thus, he could have what he wanted without putting his family in the middle of the bloodless whirlpool between the Saint Spirits, killing two birds with one stone.

And Ji Xuan, of course, also saw through Zhou Polu’s intentions.

So, he did not hold back.

Five pieces, referred to five Epic Level resources.

Zhou Polu was initially reluctant to part with them, but when Ji Xuan mentioned one piece, he had to agree to the deal.

Because one piece referred to a Saint Spirit level resource.

In comparison, five pieces were not so painful after all.

With a few simple words, the two quietly reached a certain understanding.

And the Zhou Family’s butler was leading two figures into the Guest Reception Hall.

It was Fang Canghai and Xu Ran who had rushed to this place.

-----------------

[Only 1600 words left, furiously typing away]

"I’ve prepared the carriage; it’s right downstairs of the hotel," Fang Canghai said, looking at Xu Ran and his Pet Beasts interacting, and smiling slightly, "Get ready and come with me."

"I’ve set the stage; now I’m just waiting for you to show your skills."

-----------------

The Zhou Family of Broken Abyss City.

This family power, established by the Epic Level Beast Master Zhou Polu and his clan, is well-known in Broken Abyss City, and ordinary people dare not provoke it.

In the land where every inch is precious, the main residence of the Zhou Family spans ten thousand acres, a testament to their strength.

In the innermost part of the main residence, there is a Guest Reception Hall where the family head, Zhou Polu, is currently entertaining guests, and the person seated below him is a somewhat silent middle-aged man.

He just sat there but felt like a long sword waiting to be unsheathed, causing palpitations in the hearts of those around him.

After a short while, Zhou Polu looked at the middle-aged man with a smile, "Old Ji, it’s been a while since we’ve seen each other, how have you been lately?"

"Not bad," the middle-aged man named Ji Xuan, nodded slightly upon hearing the question, "You called me here, what is the matter?"

"This is it," Zhou Polu chuckled, "These past few days, a junior whom I met once sought me out for help."

"Such things are quite common, after all, in my early years, I traveled to many other Beast Fields."

"But this time it’s somewhat different, that junior comes from Beast Field 47."

Ji Xuan’s gaze slightly sharpened, apparently making some connections.

"Looks like you’ve thought of it," Zhou Polu took a sip of tea, "Nowadays, Beast Field 47 is indeed facing trying times."

```

"This junior hopes I can go to Beast Field No. 47 to lend a hand,"

"I remember when we went to Beast Field No. 47 together, so I called you over to ask for your opinion and see what you think,"

Ji Xuan fell silent for a moment, then raised the teacup in his hand and drank it empty.

"Behind Beast Field No. 47, there’s a contest between Saint Spirits,"

"You know this better than I do,"

"Yet you still ask for my opinion,"

"So..." Ji Xuan glanced at Zhou Polu, "what did they offer you?"

"Hahaha!" Zhou Polu burst out laughing, "As expected, old Ji, you always see right through to the heart of the matter, just like your swordsmanship,"

His laughter gradually subsided and then his expression turned troubled, "But what they offered is really tempting,"

"Old Ji, have you ever heard of something called qi, Essence Force, Divine Sense?"

Ji Xuan shook his head, "What’s that?"

"The junior told me that the power fed back to us through the Beast Taming Contract by the Pet Beasts is actually a type of qi blood power hidden within the flesh,"

"And he has a special cultivation method in his hands, which can transform this so-called power into a new kind of power, thus greatly enhancing the Individual Combat Power of a Beast Master,"@@novelbin@@

"He wants to exchange this cultivation method for my intervention,"

Ji Xuan suddenly looked up, his gaze locking onto Zhou Polu, "Where is he?"

"I knew you’d be interested in this thing," Zhou Polu smiled unsurprisingly, "In Broken Abyss City, when it comes to valuing Individual Combat Power, if you, Ji Xuan, claim to be the second, no one would dare claim to be the first,"

"The junior has come to Broken Abyss City this time, bringing along a young man who, according to him, has made some progress in cultivating the Yang Guang Cultivation Method, and today he will bring him to demonstrate the power of this cultivation method for us,"

Stay updated with empire

"It’s also a coincidence, that young man also uses a sword,"

"So, I called you here as well, to take a look,"

Ji Xuan glanced at Zhou Polu, then quickly withdrew his gaze and uttered seemingly randomly, "Five pieces,"

"Uh... isn’t that a bit much?" Zhou Polu’s expression showed pain.

"Then just one piece," Ji Xuan seemed to concede.

"Let’s make it five pieces," Zhou Polu’s lips twitched slightly.

Their conversation was somewhat cryptic, but being acquaintances for several decades, they each understood the other’s meaning perfectly,

Zhou Polu’s calling of Ji Xuan, who was originally uninvolved with the matter, on this day was definitely not as simple as just taking a look,

His insinuated message only meant one thing,

If you, Ji Xuan, are interested in this cultivation method, then Beast Field No. 47 is yours to handle,

The waters of Beast Field No. 47 are too deep, and Zhou Polu, with a large family to consider, really dares not to get involved lightly,

The Saint Spirits watching from behind might not stoop to take action against him directly, but making things difficult for his Zhou Family would be as easy as flicking a finger,

But Ji Xuan is different,

This guy is a loner and doesn’t need to give face to those Saint Spirits,

As long as he doesn’t commit heinous crimes, the Saint Spirits cannot casually oppress an Epic Level Beast Master,

He is the most suitable candidate to intervene in Beast Field No. 47,

As for the Yang Guang Cultivation Method, Zhou Polu is naturally also tempted,

It is truly something capable of taking his family’s strength to the next level,

So, he plans to obtain it in another way,

That is, once the matter is settled, Ji Xuan would pass it on to him,

In this way, he could get what he wanted without risking his family in the bloodless maelstrom between the Saint Spirits, killing two birds with one stone,

And Ji Xuan, of course, had seen through Zhou Polu’s intentions,

So, he didn’t hold back,

Five pieces, referred to five Epic Level resources,

Zhou Polu was originally somewhat reluctant, but when Ji Xuan put forward one piece, he had to agree to the deal,

Because one piece referred to a Saint Spirit level resource,

Upon comparison, five pieces turned out to be less painful,

In a few brief exchanges, the two quietly reached a certain understanding,

And the Zhou Family’s steward led two figures into the Guest Reception Hall,

It was Fang Canghai and Xu Ran who had rushed over,