Chapter 779 - 370: Between The Saint Spirits

Staring at Star and Twelve struggling to gather all their Evolution Materials, a look of envy emerged on Firefly’s face.

Among the five small ones that had completed their contracts, it was the only one that hadn’t obtained an Evolution Path to the Emperor Species and could only hope for the next evolution.

Thinking of this, Firefly subconsciously raised its bear paw and gently touched the Bright Group it had been holding in its arms.

The Bright Group blinked its monochromatic eyes as the light it emitted shimmered for a moment.

One man, five pet beasts, and a group were chatting idly, blissfully unaware that their unique attire and the distinctive characteristics of their pet beast species had already caught the attention of other Beast Masters in the Association.

In the middle of the hall, a youth around sixteen or seventeen years old, leaning against a column with sharp brows, fixed his gaze on Star beside Xu Ran, his eyes lighting up without him realizing it.

Such a majestic horse-type pet beast, he wanted to own one!

Without much hesitation, he stood up straight and strode towards Xu Ran.

As he moved, two figures that followed him like servants also started moving.

"Hey, what species is this pet beast? What did it evolve from?"

The young man walked up to Xu Ran, pointed at Star, and inquired.

"Hmm?" Xu Ran turned to look at the youth upon hearing this.

This handsome youth was dressed in attire that was meticulously lavish, subtly luxurious yet with a touch of artisan work. Coupled with the two servants trailing behind him, Xu Ran instantly recognized that the young man’s identity was no simple matter.

Thinking that he was new to Broken Abyss City and unfamiliar with the situation here, Xu Ran smiled, "Its species is a Star God Horse, evolved from a Night Colt."

"Star God Horse... Night Colt..." The youth furrowed his brows slightly, then turned to one of the servants, "Have you heard of it?"

The servant didn’t speak, merely shaking his head.

"Forget it." Dissatisfied at not getting the answer he wanted from the servant, the youth turned back to Xu Ran, "You must be from out of town, right? Tell me, in which city was this Night Colt bred as a pet beast?"

Now Xu Ran completely understood what the young man meant. Your next read is at empire

The youth seemed to want a pet beast just like Star.

Unfortunately, Star’s birth was very unique, and it was unlikely that there would be a second beast of the same species.

With this in mind, Xu Ran shook his head and smiled, "It’s not that I don’t want to tell you, but my pet beast’s origin is pretty special; there probably aren’t anymore of its kind."

"What’s so special about it? Tell me." The youth was persistent and demanded, "No matter how special the origin, I can have someone figure out a way to replicate it!"

Xu Ran remained silent, simply shaking his head.

He didn’t want to continue this topic as their acquaintance was shallow.

His lack of cooperation made the young man’s expression darken, "You probably don’t know who I am, do you?"

"From the beginning till now, you haven’t introduced yourself." Xu Ran’s eyes narrowed slightly, sensing a hint of danger from the two servants behind the youth, and his tone of voice cooled down.

"Then let me inform you of my identity now," the youth said coldly. "My name is..."

"Aike, what are you doing?"

Before the youth could continue, a sharp scold rang from not too far away.

Xu Ran clearly saw that at the moment the reproachful voice arrived, the previously haughty young man’s expression suddenly became flustered, his head retracting and the arrogance gone without a trace.

He looked in the direction the voice had come from and saw a woman in an elegant gown with her hair tied up moving towards them; her delicate features now held a hint of suspicion as she looked at the young man with disapproval, "Bullying people again?"

"Sis! I wasn’t, I was just asking about this person’s pet beast," Aike’s expression turned pitiful, and while speaking, he kept making fervent eye signals towards Xu Ran, as if he wanted Xu Ran to corroborate his story.

Xu Ran smiled inwardly, casually replying, "Yes, that’s right."

Knowing the two were siblings, he felt that even if he exposed the recent confrontation, the young woman would likely be lenient with her younger brother.

Aike’s eyes shone with astonishment, then ecstatically looked at his sister, "Sis, see! I told you I wasn’t bullying anyone!"

"As long as you weren’t." The woman’s expression softened slightly, then she glanced at Xu Ran and his pet beasts, before turning to walk towards the entrance of the Beast Master Association, "Let’s go back."

"Okay." Aike obediently trotted after the woman, not showing any sign of the arrogance he had displayed while alone.

After the siblings left, Fang Canghai, who had returned at some point, stepped beside Xu Ran, "Do you know those two siblings?"

"No." Xu Ran shook his head slightly and briefly recounted the interaction, eliciting an approving nod from Fang Canghai.

"You were put in a difficult spot, but you handled it correctly," Fang Canghai patted Xu Ran’s shoulder, "That woman is Princess Ailan, and the youth is Prince Aike, whose arrogant reputation is well known in the royal family."

"We’re new to Broken Abyss City; it’s indeed best not to offend them."

"They are from the royal family?" There was a hint of surprise on Xu Ran’s face.

He hadn’t considered this, only thinking the siblings might belong to one of Broken Abyss City’s powerful families.@@novelbin@@

"Yes," Fang Canghai nodded, "But let’s not dwell on that. I’ve completed the reporting duties; let’s quickly find a place to settle down."

"Alright." Xu Ran nodded, seeing no problem with that.

He still needed to hurry and continue practicing the Yang Guang Cultivation Method.