Chapter 781 - 371: Is It You?!

In a meditation chamber within the hotel, designed specifically for deep contemplation, Xu Ran sat cross-legged with his heart pointing to the sky, eyes closed in cultivation.

Corresponding to blood Qi, Essence Force, and Divine Sense, three types of light—crimson, jade-white, and pale gold—naturally formed a cocoon of energy around his body, manifesting a certain equilibrium among the three powers.

About the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, as the energy cocoon retracted back into Xu Ran’s body, his closed eyes slowly opened.

A sharp glint flashed through the depths of his eyes, as the perfect conjunction of Spirit gave rise to an enigmatic charm, making his already handsome features seem as though he was an exiled immortal above the mortal realm.

As he slowly raised a hand, a long sword hanging on the wall of the chamber rang out with a "clang" and flew into his hand, drawn by his vital energy.

"Mozhui, it’s up to you today," said Xu Ran as he ran his other hand, formed into a sword-finger gesture, over the blade before sheathing it and strapping it to his waist.@@novelbin@@

Three days had passed since he arrived at Broken Abyss City.

In the time that Fang Canghai had bought for him, Xu Ran had completely sorted out his power according to the Yang Guang Cultivation Method, even at the expense of three days of meditation.

Now, his condition had reached a peak.

"Knock, knock, knock."

There was a knocking sound from outside the chamber.

Fang Canghai entered the chamber, looked at Xu Ran with satisfaction, and said, "This Spirit of yours is really something, how’s your cultivation going?"

"The three powers have already achieved balance," Xu Ran replied with a smile.

"Good," Fang Canghai nodded slightly, "Once the three forces are balanced, even if meditation has absorbed some Divine Sense power, it only takes cultivating once every three or five days to rebalance them."

"More or less," Xu Ran responded verbally, though he couldn’t help but internally retort.

That was true for other people.

For him, one day of meditation required a day of cultivation with the Yang Guang Cultivation Method to make up for the absorbed Divine Sense.

Luckily, it seemed that Divine Sense was greatly nourishing to contract power.

Cultivating every other day, the increase in contract power was still faster than before.

As the two talked, they walked out of the chamber. Outside the chamber, including the Bright Group, all were looking at Xu Ran with expectant eyes.

"Don’t worry, I will take you with me," Xu Ran said, understanding their thoughts through their heart-to-heart connection.

In the last three days, to keep up with the progress, he had been cultivating the Yang Guang Cultivation Method day and night, continuously enhancing his Individual Combat Power, which also caused his Pet Beasts to start worrying.

They were concerned that Xu Ran might start to handle everything on his own in the future.

But such worries were obviously unnecessary.

Although his visit to the Zhou Family in Broken Abyss City to meet the senior Zhou Polu was to demonstrate his personal martial prowess, the five little ones who were his constant companions would naturally accompany him.

"I have prepared a carriage, it’s right below the hotel," Fang Canghai said with a slight smile, watching the interaction between Xu Ran and his Pet Beasts, "Once you’re ready, follow me."

"I have set the stage for you already, just waiting for you to shine."

-----------------

Zhou Family of Broken Abyss City.

This was a family force established by the Epic Level Beast Master Zhou Polu and his clansmen, famous throughout Broken Abyss City, a power not to be provoked by ordinary people.

Discover more content at empire

In the highly valued land of Broken Abyss City, the Zhou Family’s main residence spanned ten thousand acres, a testament to their strength.

In the most inner part of the main house, in a guest reception hall, the family head Zhou Polu was entertaining a guest. Sitting at a lower seat was a somewhat reserved and taciturn middle-aged man.

He sat there quietly, yet his presence was as disconcerting as an unsheathed sword.

After a while, Zhou Polu laughed and turned to the middle-aged man, "Old Ji, it’s been a while, how have you been?"

"Not bad," replied the middle-aged man named Ji Xuan, nodding slightly, "What is it that you’ve called me here for?"

"It’s like this," Zhou Polu chuckled, "In the past few days, I’ve had a junior who I’ve had the fortune to meet once come to me, seeking my help."

"There are quite a few such cases normally, since in my earlier years I used to roam around and have been to many other Beast Fields."

"But this time is a bit different, that junior comes from Beast Field number 47."

Ji Xuan’s gaze sharpened, clearly making some connections.

"It seems you’ve thought of it too," Zhou Polu commented as he took a sip of tea, "The current state of Beast Field number 47 could really be described as precarious."

"This junior hopes I can go to Beast Field number 47 and lend a hand."

"I thought about the fact that when I visited Beast Field number 47 back in the day, it was with you, so I called you here to see if you have any thoughts on this matter."

Ji Xuan fell silent for a moment before lifting his teacup and draining it.

"Behind Beast Field number 47 is the competition among Saint Spirits," he started.

"You know this better than I do," he continued.

"Yet you’re still asking for my opinion,"

"So…" Ji Xuan glanced at Zhou Polu, "what conditions did they offer?"

"Hahaha!" Zhou Polu laughed heartily, "As expected, Old Ji, you always pinpoint the core of the matter, just like your swordsmanship."

His laughter gradually subsided, and his expression became conflicted, "But what they offered me, indeed, is quite tempting."

"Old Ji, have you ever heard of blood Qi, Essence Force, Divine Sense?"

Ji Xuan shook his head, "What’s that?"

"That junior told me that the power reflected back to us by our Pet Beasts through the Beast Taming Contract is actually a type of blood Qi power hidden within the flesh."

"And he has a special cultivation method on hand that can convert this so-called power into a new power, significantly enhancing the Individual Combat Power of a Beast Master."

"He wants to exchange this cultivation method for my assistance."

Ji Xuan suddenly looked up, his gaze fixed on Zhou Polu, "Where is this person?"

"I knew you would be interested in this," Zhou Polu said with an unsurprised smile, "In this Broken Abyss City, when it comes to valuing personal combat power, if Ji Xuan says he’s second, no one would dare say they’re first."