Chapter 776 - 368: The Incident With The Yang Guang Cultivation Method_2

Xu Ran could progress so quickly because he was switching his cultivation path; already having a foundation of power made everything much easier.

After two cycles of Essence Force circulation, Xu Ran felt the changes within himself.

Each time the Essence Force passed through his meridians, he felt a slight decrease in strength around that area, but this sensation was quickly replaced by an even more abundant feeling of Essence Force.

As the Essence Force surged, it grew at an unimaginable pace, and just after two cycles, a single drop of Essence Force had already multiplied into hundreds.

In Fang Canghai’s eyes, Xu Ran had already transformed.

His body emitted a rich and potent glow of blood essence, and within this glow, a faint milky halo of Light, though weak, was absorbing the blood essence and growing stronger gradually.

"Is this vital energy and Essence Force?" Fang Canghai’s eyes revealed an intrigued expression, "The power system of another world is quite interesting."

He simply sat cross-legged atop the jade-colored Giant Dragon, and moments later, a similar yet much more concentrated blood essence glow appeared around him.

Unaware of Fang Canghai’s actions beside him, and after completing the third cycle of Essence Force, amassing it to the scale of two to three hundred drops, Xu Ran began to attempt meditation.

He cleared his mind, leaving only the image of the great sun as depicted in the Yang Guang Cultivation Method, and awkwardly commenced his first meditation.

In the center of his consciousness, a vague outline quickly emerged, radiating infinite light and astonishing heat; the moment it appeared, its brilliance cascaded over Xu Ran’s consciousness.

Xu Ran felt as if he had just taken a sauna; his entire consciousness was warm and soothing, yet his mind became even clearer rather than fuzzy, making his perception of his surroundings much sharper.

It was an unprecedented experience, but the moment it occurred, Xu Ran had an intuitive understanding.

This was Divine Sense.

The Essence Force meandering through the meridians in his head became the dominant force in the presence of the newly arisen Divine Sense, tilting unconsciously towards the Divine Sense, drop by drop of Essence Force slowly vanishing, giving Xu Ran a tingling sensation in his brain.

The speed at which his Divine Sense strengthened was increasing even faster.

It was at this moment that Xu Ran suddenly saw five deep blue vortexes.

They had appeared around the great sun at some unknown time, forming a chain that completely sealed off the sun.

That was the Fifth Stage contract power cultivated by Xu Ran’s meditation.

Seeing this, Xu Ran was momentarily stunned.

The Yang Guang Cultivation Method did not mention such an anomaly.

Because the master of the Yang Guang Celestial Palace, who developed this cultivation method, based it on the Beast Taming Contract and the cultivation practices of humankind from another world.

He was unaware of the true nature of the contract power and hadn’t considered this question.

After hesitating for a moment, Xu Ran chose to continue trying to meditate.

Fortunately, the contract power seemed to be there just to join the fun; it did not interfere with Xu Ran’s meditation, nor did it affect the transformation of Essence Force into Divine Sense.

Relieved, Xu Ran continued to cultivate, constantly converting the power of his vital energy into Essence Force and Divine Sense, until he was awakened by Fang Canghai, who was at his side.

"Did your contract power appear during meditation?"

Fang Canghai’s question made Xu Ran realize that the incident during his meditation was not an isolated case, "Yes, Chairman Fang, does this have an impact?"

"Yes." Chairman Fang, looking slightly odd, laughed and said, "Stop cultivating for now and try meditating on the contract power."

"Hm?" Xu Ran blinked, without hesitation, he did as Chairman Fang suggested and shifted to meditate on the contract power.

The next moment, his expression changed.

The contract power existed in the form of vortexes within his consciousness.

Normally, when meditating upon it, the vortexes would spin faster, generating a suction force, drawing in the Extraordinary Energy from the surrounding space, thus becoming stronger continuously.

The more whirlpools, the deeper the color, the higher the stage of the contract power, and the faster the speed of absorbing Transcendent Power.

But as the stage of the contract power increases, the energy needed for breakthroughs grows even faster, thus the advancement speed of the contract power doesn’t increase but decreases instead, and it might even come to a complete halt when encountering a bottleneck.

Now, after practicing the Yang Guang Cultivation Method for a while, Xu Ran found something different when he attempted meditation again.

The whirlpool was spinning faster, and while absorbing Extraordinary Energy, it would inadvertently siphon away a trace of power from the recently visualized Sun.

This trace of power was minuscule and hardly noticeable, but with Qin Chuan’s six hundredfold Meditation speed, this absorption immediately became exceedingly apparent.

Contract power has no consciousness, but this scene always gave Xu Ran the impression that it was behaving cheekily, like a petty thief stealthily stealing away the Divine Sense power he had just developed.

With six hundred times the effect underneath, the speed at which the contract power stole the Divine Sense was quite astonishing; Qin Chuan’s Divine Sense, having just been formed, was drained by a significant amount in just a few minutes.

And as a result, the contract power itself had grown considerably stronger.

He stared in shock, paused his meditation, and looked at Fang Canghai, "Chairman Fang, this..."

"I didn’t expect this to happen either," Fang Canghai laughed, but seemed quite pleased, "Contract power allows us to make contracts with Transcendent Beings, forming a Beast Taming Contract." Explore hidden tales at empire

"The Pet Beast’s power, via the Beast Taming Contract, nourishes the Beast Master, becoming our vitality."

"Under the Yang Guang Cultivation Method, vitality first transforms into Essence Force, and then from Essence Force into Divine Sense."

"And finally, Divine Sense is actually absorbed by the contract power, accelerating the growth of the contract power..." Fang Canghai was somewhat amused, "This closed loop, I hadn’t considered at all."

"Chairman Fang, in this way, if contract power absorbs Divine Sense, and Divine Sense absorbs Essence Force, and Essence Force absorbs vitality, doesn’t that mean our strength is getting weaker?" Xu Ran’s expression suddenly brightened.

He was still hoping to charge ahead while his Pet Beast cheered "666" from behind!

"That might not be a bad thing," Fang Canghai smiled, "If you observe carefully, you’ll notice that the speed at which contract power absorbs Divine Sense is not fast."

"It, along with vitality, Essence Force, and Divine Sense, is fundamentally not of the same system, so there’s no principle such as water flowing downward."

"Otherwise, it should be the weaker Divine Sense absorbing the contract power instead."

"The contract power’s absorption of Divine Sense is an active absorption, likely due to their similarities, incidentally absorbing a bit while drawing in Extraordinary Energy."

"The Yang Guang Cultivation Method is a practice refined by the master of the Yang Guang Celestial Palace; it is different from the normal cultivation methods of other worlds. It cannot draw strength from the external world to empower oneself; it can only rely on the transformation of vitality to grow stronger."

"And our vitality, is entirely nourished by the Pet Beast."@@novelbin@@

"So, this method reduces our Individual Combat Power but accelerates the advancement of contract power."

"To sacrifice a part of Individual Combat Power in exchange for the enhancement of contract power..." Fang Canghai smiled, "Is there a better deal than this?"

-----------------

He was still hoping to charge ahead while his Pet Beast cheered "666" from behind!

"That might not be a bad thing," Fang Canghai smiled, "If you observe carefully, you’ll notice that the speed at which contract power absorbs Divine Sense is not fast."

"It, along with vitality, Essence Force, and Divine Sense, is fundamentally not of the same system, so there’s no principle such as water flowing downward."

"Otherwise, it should be the weaker Divine Sense absorbing the contract power instead."

"The contract power’s absorption of Divine Sense is an active absorption, likely due to their similarities, incidentally absorbing a bit while drawing in Extraordinary Energy."

"The Yang Guang Cultivation Method is a practice refined by the master of the Yang Guang Celestial Palace; it is different from the normal cultivation methods of other worlds. It cannot draw strength from the external world to empower oneself; it can only rely on the transformation of vitality to grow stronger."

"And our vitality, is entirely nourished by the Pet Beast."

"So, this method reduces our Individual Combat Power but accelerates the advancement of contract power."

"To sacrifice a part of Individual Combat Power in exchange for the enhancement of contract power..." Fang Canghai smiled, "Is there a better deal than this?"