Chapter 785 - 373: Arrival Of The Upper Realm Beast

Taking a deep breath, Qin Chuan gripped the Mozhui Blade firmly in both hands.

His gaze became resolute as he slowly raised the Mozhui Blade high above him, his movements so slow that they were full of openings, yet inexplicably exuded an air of impregnability.

His eyes locked onto Ji Xuan from afar as he brought the Mozhui Blade down with force.

A crescent-like blade light swept through the void, enveloping a slash powerful enough to sever heaven and earth, and it appeared instantly in front of Ji Xuan.

Ji Xuan quickly raised his sword and thrust forward, dispersing the blade light with a flick, and for the first time, his gaze toward Xu Ran held a hint of doubt.

"Where did you learn my blade technique?"

"I’ve seen your moves before, Senior," replied Xu Ran as he sheathed his sword and gave a distant bow toward Ji Xuan, "I once found a remnant blade of yours, and from it, I gained some understanding of your blade technique."

Discover stories with empire

"That’s also why I began to use a blade."

"Remnant blade..." Ji Xuan showed a contemplative expression and then shook his head after a moment.

He had traveled to too many places to remember this one detail.

"To discern the blade technique from my remnant blade, you must indeed possess an exceptional talent," he concluded in the end, "Let’s end this sparring match here."

"That’s fine." Zhou Polu laughed and waved his hand toward the awkward juniors at the side of the field, "Disperse."

The Zhou Family disciples scattered as if granted amnesty, eager to leave.

"We’ll discuss the next matters in the Guest Reception Hall," Zhou Polu nodded toward Fang Canghai and walked out of the Training Field.

A look of surprise and relief flashed across Fang Canghai’s eyes.

He finally saw hope.

Clearly, Xu Ran’s performance had impressed Zhou Polu, and now it all depended on whether he could persuade the other party.

As long as he could convince Zhou Polu to go to Beast Field number 47, the crisis posed by Beast Field number 8 might not be completely resolved, but at least Fang Canghai would no longer feel desperate.

When everyone returned to the Guest Reception Hall and sat down, servants swiftly presented them with tea.

Fang Canghai took a light sip and smiled, "Elder Zhou, what do you think of Xu Ran’s performance just now?"

"Indeed very strong," Zhou Polu candidly replied, "The Yang Guang Cultivation Method you mentioned seems to indeed have some substance."

Upon hearing this, Fang Canghai felt a surge of joy, "Since that’s the case..."

"I have a question," Zhou Polu’s eyes flashed sharply, "After this Yang Guang Cultivation Method is given to our Zhou Family, when do you plan to make it public?"

"That..." Fang Canghai’s expression stiffened momentarily as he took another sip from his teacup, "What would Elder Zhou suggest?"

"One year," Zhou Polu said without hesitation, "After the Yang Guang Cultivation Method is given to our Zhou Family, it cannot be made public within one year."

"That period... is a bit long," Fang Canghai exhaled slowly, "Elder Zhou must know that once the Zhou Family masters such a cultivation method, the other powers in Broken Abyss City will surely seek to discover its origin."

"With their capabilities, finding out that the cultivation method comes from Beast Field number 47 is not difficult. That would certainly put pressure on me," Fang Canghai revealed with a wry smile, "I cannot withstand such pressure for a whole year."

"Hmph," possibly reminded by Fang Canghai’s words and thinking of something unpleasant, Zhou Polu’s expression darkened as he let out a snort, "What if I could ensure that others cannot trace the cultivation method back to you?"

"This..." Fang Canghai pondered for a moment before slowly speaking up, "If Elder Zhou can do that, one year is acceptable."

"One condition." Ji Xuan, who had been silent until now, suddenly spoke up.

Zhou Polu’s eyes widened as he looked toward Ji Xuan.

Ji Xuan too lifted his head, his sharp gaze unyielding.

"Fine, one condition," Zhou Polu let out a heavy sigh.

Their vague exchange left Fang Canghai and Xu Ran, who were on the sidelines, utterly confused.

What did they mean by "one condition"?

However, it was clear that neither Zhou Polu nor Ji Xuan had any intention of explaining.

"Canghai, is it okay to transfer our deal to someone else?" Zhou Polu suddenly asked out of the blue.

"What does Elder Zhou mean?" Fang Canghai’s brows furrowed, puzzled.

"Your Beast Field number 47 has caught the Saints’ attention, and soon several Semi-Saints will descend upon it. That’s why you came to Broken Abyss City, hoping I would deal with the Semi-Saints, right?" Zhou Polu smiled.

"That’s correct," Fang Canghai nodded.

"You simply need someone with the strength to face a Semi-Saint. It doesn’t necessarily matter if it’s me, right?" Zhou Polu took another sip of his tea and spoke indifferently.

"This..." Now, Fang Canghai finally caught on to Zhou Polu’s insinuation, his eyes abruptly shifting toward Ji Xuan.

"You may not understand who he is," Zhou Polu chuckled, "After all, he’s a lone wolf, not like me with a big family and big business in Broken Abyss City."

"But his strength is matched by few among the Epic Level Beast Masters."

"Wielding his long sword, he can slay Semi-Saints and wound Saint Spirits, Sword Saint Ji Xuan," Zhou Polu’s eyes held profound meaning, "How about letting him take action? Not a loss, right?"

"Elder Ji agrees to take action?" Fang Canghai’s previous dissatisfaction vanished instantly.@@novelbin@@

He truly did not know of Ji Xuan’s reputation.

But after Zhou Polu’s remark, it was clear that he was dealing with an extremely powerful individual.

Xu Ran, too, was somewhat expectant.

He had once witnessed Ji Xuan in action through the remnant blade, even though it was an earlier display and his strength was certainly not as formidable as it was now, that power still left a deep impression in his heart.

If Elder Ji could make a move, there would be much greater confidence in this battle.

"Below the Semi-Saint, I will not take action," Elder Ji said as he picked up his teacup and took a light sip, "If a Semi-Saint comes, don’t even think about leaving."

"The spoils of slaying a Semi-Saint will be mine. If a Saint Spirit comes, the deal is off."

"If you can accept that, hand over the Yang Guang Cultivation Method."

Fang Canghai’s eyes shone, "No problem!"

-----------------

Where Beast Field No. 47 meets Beast Field No. 8, there lies a river that is five hundred meters wide.

This river divides the two shores, forming the boundary between the two Beast Fields.

At this very moment, on one end of this boundary line, countless superhuman creatures of various races occupy all the space on the riverbanks. As far as the eye can see, their numbers do not end, and even more Transcendent Beings fly above in the sky.

They silently gaze at Beast Field No. 47 across the river, as orderly as an army composed of Transcendent Beings.

"Woo——"

Suddenly, a giant dragon head emerged from the river. Soon a giant dragon covered in blue scales stood on the water surface with its horns touching the water, and it roared towards the sky.

A water-blue halo transformed into a crown, converging above its head.

Behind it, countless Transcendent Beings bowed their heads slightly, showing submission.

This was unmistakably a Beast Emperor.

As its power burst forth, the surging river beneath it split in two in an instant. The excess water, as if encountering an invisible wall, rose high into the air forming two walls of water, while a wide passage was created by the dry riverbed.

Following another dragon’s roar, the Transcendent Beings behind it raised their hands, emitting a roar full of lofty battle spirit, crossing the riverbed to the other shore.

With the Beast Emperor leading the way, this was an army of Transcendent Beings capable of bringing destruction to Beast Field No. 47.

Yet this was merely a temporary force dispatched by the saints of Beast Field No. 8, and compared to the Beast Tide facing off against Broken Abyss City head-on, their strength was less than one hundredth.

The Transcendent Beings opposite the river who tried to flee the moment they noticed were killed on the spot by a mysterious faint light that struck from nowhere. In the end, only one flying Beast King survived.

"Tell Demon Wood that if it awaits death with bound hands and feet, we may leave it a whole corpse,"

A voice as dull as Thunder rolled in from behind the army, laden with authority, causing the Beast King to tremble with fear and flee desperately out of sight.

Before long, news reached all 9 Second Level Towns and 23 3-Level Towns within Beast Field No. 47. The high echelon of the Beast Master Association, in charge of central coordination, quickly assembled and immediately announced a wartime state for all.

For the first time, Xieyun City, which always kept its gates wide open, closed its grand doors.

Countless Beast Masters took their positions upon the city walls, stationed outside the walls, ready for the battle.

Three hours later, the northern part of Beast Field No. 47 received dire news. Youhan City, located at the northernmost point and its 3 neighboring 3-Level Towns, had fallen.

Since the civilians had already been evacuated, almost all the casualties were Beast Masters. In this battle, one Overlord Level Beast Master fell, and tens of thousands of lower-ranked Beast Masters perished.

Humans in the cities further back were panic-stricken upon hearing this dreadful news, as if the end of the world had come.

Fortunately, after the fall of Youhan City and the occupation of the vantage points by the army of Transcendent Beings from Beast Field No. 8, they did not continue to advance.

They held Youhan City, calling out to Demon Wood to come and apologize within a day; otherwise, they would continue advancing and destroy two more cities.

A day’s respite not only failed to rally the humans of Beast Field No. 47 but completely threw them into disarray.

Many started to resent Demon Wood, blaming it for their realm’s desperate state, perceiving it as a fellow Transcendent Being and thus responsible for the calamity that humans were suffering for no fault of their own.

They accused, hated, and hoped that Demon Wood would willingly face death, ending the catastrophe.

Clearly, the Transcendent Beings that descended from Beast Field No. 8 were not only powerful but also wise, knowing that undermining the morale was crucial; destroying the humans’ belief in order weakened the foundations of Demon Wood’s power.

Even though the leaders of the Beast Master Association reacted in time to suppress and control those harboring such thoughts, the seeds of hatred had already been sown.

With a heavy sigh, Demon Wood emerged at the last moment of the day, appearing outside Youhan City.

Hidden within the army of Transcendent Beings, three Semi-Saints appeared in unison, attempting to jointly besiege Demon Wood.

The ensuing battle was catastrophic, so much so that even the Beast Emperor dared not pry.

After the battle, one Semi-Saint of Beast Field No. 8 fell on the spot, while two were severely injured, and the whereabouts of Demon Wood remained unknown.

The outcome was earth-shattering, leaving the army of Transcendent Beings from Beast Field No. 8 dumbstruck, and Youhan City fell eerily silent.

While the humans of Beast Field No. 47 were ecstatic at this turn of events, in just two days, the army of Beast Field No. 8 regrouped and, like a ferocious dragon crossing the terrain, two more Second Level Towns fell in the blink of an eye.

They did not spare the creatures of Beast Field No. 47 just because Demon Wood appeared on time. Instead, they vented their anger from the loss of a Semi-Saint on Beast Field No. 47, vowing to leave "not a single living being, to assert the might of the greater realm."

Those impulsive humans only then realized their mistake and began to appreciate Demon Wood again. However, no matter how desperately they cried for the return of the missing Demon Wood, it never showed itself again.

On the front lines, where Beast Field No. 47 met Beast Field No. 21, Xu Ran and his two companions swiftly returned.

Although this was not the border between Beast Field No. 8 and Beast Field No. 47, it was the route from Broken Abyss City to Beast Field No. 47.

As soon as he reached Beast Field No. 47, Fang Canghai’s face took on an unprecedented gravity. Something unusual made him keenly aware of the crisis Beast Field No. 47 was currently facing.

Ultimately, they were too late.

-----------------

[There are still 800 words, frantically typing away]