Chapter 789 - 376: The Stars Guide The Way Home!

```

"Congratulations, your Pet Beast has successfully completed its evolution."

Seeing this scene, Qi Yuan stepped forward briskly, his face carrying a hint of a smile.

"Elder Qi Yuan is too kind." Xu Ran revealed a relaxed smile.

From the feedback from the Star, this evolution was very smooth, even more so than the previous evolution into the King Species.

This abnormal situation had only one explanation.

That was the Protective Star Array had some positive influence on the evolution.

Therefore, the Star’s smooth completion of the evolution was inseparably linked to Qi Yuan’s assistance at the critical moment.

Stay updated with empire

"What I did wasn’t much, and the consumption of the Protective Star Array was smaller than expected." Qi Yuan manipulated the Array Disk, restoring the Protective Star Array, "More importantly, how is the strength of your Pet Beast after its evolution?"

He was indeed a bit curious.

Having evolved into the Emperor Species, he had seen it happen numerous times.

But undergoing evolution while using a large amount of resources containing Star Power was quite rare, as it wasn’t one of the ten Attributes.

It could even be regarded as a Leap Attribute.

"Well…" Xu Ran glanced at the Star, "After its evolution, Star obtained two Four Stars Skills, one is the Imperial Crown, and the other is called Stars’ Enlightenment."

"Sounds like it’s a Skill related to Star Power." A look of envy appeared on Qi Yuan’s face, "With such progress, your Pet Beast’s future evolution into the Holy Spirit Race is almost a sure thing."

The toughest part about the Holy Spirit Race was the Attribute Leap, comprehending a completely new truth from one’s own Power to transform one’s entire Attribute.

This Pet Beast, although it had only just evolved into the Emperor Species, could be said to have half-stepped into the realm of the Holy Spirits already.

Once it enters the Overlord stage, as long as it accumulates enough, another successful evolution will just be a matter of time.

It’s easy to speak of such things, but how many Pet Beasts in the entire Beast Field No. 47 can claim a certain evolution into the Holy Spirit domain? Even Fang Canghai’s Pet Beast doesn’t possess such Talent.

"Indeed." Xu Ran was also very proud of Star and now asked with a smile, "Star, what does this new skill, Stars’ Enlightenment, do?"

"Xi Lu~" (This skill…)

Letting out an excited neigh, Star began to explain.

Listening to its explanation, Xu Ran’s expression quickly turned to one of surprise.

"You’re saying… this Skill acts like divination, allowing you to receive revelations about things you want to understand each time it is deployed?"

Star nodded its head, then neighed again.

"But there is a certain restriction on its use, only once a day?"

Star nodded once more.

Understanding the effect of Star’s new Skill, Xu Ran couldn’t help falling into thought.

In his previous life, there was a divination method known as astrology.

Unexpectedly, after Star evolved into the Emperor Species, one of its new Skills turned out to be somewhat similar to astrology.

This type of Skill might not provide a significant increase in strength and even comes with not a small frequency limitation, but there was no doubt, it was powerful.

"A divination Skill?" Since Xu Ran did not avoid the topic, Qi Yuan also heard about the Skill’s effect, now showing a shocked expression, "This is the first time I’ve heard of the Emperor Species possessing such an effect."

"Even among the Holy Spirit Race, only an extremely limited number of beings with related Leap Attributes could have a similar precognitive divination ability."

Listening to Qi Yuan’s words, Xu Ran displayed a thoughtful expression, then his eyes lit up, and he suddenly spoke, "Elder Qi Yuan, if I let Star use Stars’ Enlightenment to obtain revelations about the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, is it possible to find the whereabouts of the missing Demon Wood Semi-Saint?"

"Hmm?" Qi Yuan’s eyes suddenly lit up.

Upon hearing what Xu Ran said, he immediately realized the feasibility.

Now that a calamity was approaching, the Transcendent Being army of Beast Field No. 8 was itching to move.

Why did even Fang Canghai feel tremendous pressure after hearing about the enemy’s conscription?

Because there were simply too many Emperor Stage beings on the other side.

Fang Canghai’s Pet Beast lineup included only six Emperor Stage beings with one staying at the Overlord stage, his only hope for a Pet Beast to evolve into a Holy Spirit Race.

Even if adding Fang Canghai’s own strength, he had no more than seven or eight Emperor Stage beings. Coupled with the Beast Emperors that originally belonged to the Demon Wood Semi-Saint from Beast Field No. 47, there was still a considerable numerical disadvantage compared to the other side.

After all, the opposing force had quite a few Beast Emperors even before reinforcement arrived.

This was all the high-end combat power left for Beast Field No. 47 after Ji Xuan was taken out of consideration.

Therefore, in the fight of high-end combat power, Beast Field No. 47 would have a great disadvantage.

While it’s true that the battle between two armies is not only about the confrontation of high-end combat power,@@novelbin@@

But high-end combat power are the generals and the core. Once defeated, the impact on the morale of troops is devastating.

However, if the Demon Wood Semi-Saint could return, even if not at full strength, as long as the remaining strength was enough to crush a Beast Emperor, the balance of this battle would completely tip over.

Because Ji Xuan had not yet left.

As long as Ji Xuan remains for one more day, Beast Field No. 8 dares not let another Semi-Saint enter the field for one more day.

Without the Semi-Saint, no one could threaten the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

And the Demon Wood Semi-Saint would not adhere to the so-called unwritten rule of Holy Races not participating in Emperor Race fights, and could completely engage the Beast Emperors from Beast Field No. 8!

So, if Xu Ran could truly bring back the Demon Wood Semi-Saint…

The prospect of victory in this battle could reach over ninety percent!

"Will you try it now?" Qi Yuan couldn’t help but speak up.

"Wait a moment." Xu Ran looked at Star and unhesitatingly poured all the remaining Skill Points into it.

```