Chapter 787 - 374: The Lit Star Origin_2

Stepping out of the Foster area, right behind Ji Xuan, a mighty figure with a Saint Spirit Wheel of Life flashed by and was gone. Following that, Xu Ran and the five little ones felt the world spin around them, and in an instant, they found themselves in another location.

This was one of the Pet Beasts that Ji Xuan could use. Being of Epic level, its Leap Attribute had a certain connection with space, which allowed it to realize short-distance shifts.

No sooner had the man and his five beasts stabilized than the next shift began.

In a short while, Ji Xuan and Xu Ran had crossed numerous Transcendent Beings within Shuang Han City and appeared atop a hill near the Cold Dragon River.

Standing on the top of the hill, the entire situation of the Cold Dragon River was in their view.

After just one glance, Xu Ran’s expression became extremely serious.

Because the worst-case scenario seemed to be exactly as Ji Xuan had said.

At this moment, a whole section of the Cold Dragon River’s riverbed had dried up, with the water being diverted toward both ends, forming towering pillars of water kept aloft by a Beast Emperor level water Dragon.

Continually, Transcendent Beings surged from the other end of the riverbed, endlessly like the tides, pushing forward as much as possible to leave space for the Transcendent Beings behind them.

Throughout the process, there were no howls, no roars, only the heavy sounds of steps.

Looking at the army of Transcendent Beings led by those at the Leadership Stage and the Beast Kings, seemingly endless in number, Xu Ran’s hand clenched instantly.

The army of Transcendent Beings was being constantly reinforced in the rear, indicating that the worst situation had arisen.

He had just thought to have Ji Xuan take him back to Xieyun City to quickly inform Fang Canghai of the situation here, when suddenly his face changed.

On the riverbed of the Cold Dragon River, the advancing army of Transcendent Beings from the other side halted.

Over a hundred figures took to the air, swiftly flying in from the direction of the eighth Beast Field.

Every one of those figures was unabashedly adorned with the Imperial Crown, evidently belonging to creatures of the Emperor Species.

All Beast Emperors?!

Xu Ran was startled but relaxed somewhat after careful observation.

About a dozen of them were Beast Emperors, and the others were Quasi Emperors of the Overlord stage.

There were also a few whose strength seemed weaker, appearing only to be of the King Stage within the Emperor Species but were nonetheless escorted at the very center, indicating a not-insignificant status.@@novelbin@@

Just as Xu Ran was about to scrutinize further, a blinding brilliance suddenly burst forth beside him, and even the mere peripheral glimpse made him find it a bit dazzling.

Turning his head, he saw the dumbstruck Star.

The small, round stone hanging around Star’s neck was emitting a brilliant glow.

That was… the Source of Star!

Xu Ran’s pupils contracted sharply.

This resource came from the same location as the Town Star Stone found in Xuanxing City.

According to Chairman Qi Yuan of the Beast Master Association of Xuanxing City, it didn’t have any strong effects by itself, but it could resonate powerfully with the Town Star Stone.

As long as a Town Star Stone was nearby, it would burst forth with dazzling light!

In the past, the Source of Star would only light up when Xu Ran was in Xuanxing City.

However, the Town Star Stone in Xuanxing City was closely associated with the city’s Star Array, so he couldn’t use it as an Evolution Material for Star.

This was the first time the Source of Star emitted such brilliant light somewhere other than Xuanxing City, and the implication was also very clear.

A Town Star Stone was nearby, and it had just appeared!

Xu Ran’s gaze immediately turned toward the group of Emperor Species crossing the river at that moment.

Without a doubt, one of them had the Town Star Stone!

And the light bursting from the Source of Star exposed Xu Ran’s hidden position for the first time.

One of the Beast Emperors who had just crossed the Cold Dragon River hummed lowly, continuing to move forward, ready to slay Xu Ran, this unexpected scout, and seal the news of their arrival.

But as it truly approached the hill, upon seeing the figure behind Xu Ran, its face turned to one of terror.

This gargantuan and terrifying Beast Emperor knelt down in an instant.

"I have seen the Sword Saint."

It had no choice but to kneel, as there were unwritten rules among Saint Level forces, but the weak voluntarily provoking others was not among them.

Its recent behavior had nearly offended Ji Xuan; without an immediate apology, Ji Xuan could have slain it and still been within his rights.

"Hmm," Ji Xuan nodded calmly, a trace of regret flashing in his eyes, "you’ve arrived quite quickly."

The Beast Emperor, having caught that hint of regret, shuddered at his own swift reaction and felt fortunate. His voice even took on a somewhat obsequious tone, "We are only acting upon the commands of the Saint, and we hope for the Sword Saint’s forgiveness."

-----------------

At this moment, a whole stretch of the Cold Dragon River’s bed was dried up, with the water diverted to both ends, forming towering columns of water; in midair, a Beast Emperor level dragon was maintaining it.

Continuously, Transcendent Beings surged from the other end of the riverbed, like an endless tide, making way as much as they could for the Transcendent Beings coming up behind them.

The whole process was silent, without any howling or roaring, only the heavy sound of footsteps.

Watching the army of Transcendent Beings, mainly composed of Leader Stage and Beast Kings and seemingly infinite in number, Xu Ran’s hand clenched instantly.

The fact that the army of Transcendent Beings was continuously reinforced from the rear signified the worst-case scenario unfolding.

He had just thought about asking Ji Xuan to take him back to Xieyun City to report the situation to Fang Canghai when his expression suddenly changed.

On the bed of the Cold Dragon River, the army of Transcendent Beings crossing from the other side had halted their advance.

Hundreds of figures floated in the air, speeding over from the direction of Beast Field Eight.

Every one of those figures proudly displayed the Imperial Crown, unmistakably all beings from the Emperor Species.

All Beast Emperors?!

Xu Ran was startled, but after a careful observation, he slightly relaxed.

There were about a dozen Beast Emperors among them; the others were Overlord stage Quasi Emperors.

Enjoy more content from empire

There were a few whose strength seemed even weaker, appearing only to be at the King Stage of the Emperor Species, but they were escorted in the very center, indicating they held no insignificant status.

Just as Xu Ran was about to examine them more carefully, an incredibly dazzling light suddenly burst forth beside him, and even the mere sight of it in his peripheral vision was somewhat blinding.

He turned his head to look and saw the stunned Star.

At this moment, a small, rounded stone hanging around Star’s neck was emitting a bright, radiant light.

That was... the Star Origin!

Xu Ran’s pupils sharply contracted.

This artifact came from the same place where the Town Star Stone in Xuanxing City was found.

According to Chairman Qi Yuan of the Beast Master Association in Xuanxing City, it didn’t possess any significant power on its own but could resonate strongly with the Town Star Stone.

As long as there was a Town Star Stone within nearby range, it would burst into dazzling light!

In the past, the Star Origin only emitted light when Xu Ran was present in Xuanxing City.

But the Town Star Stone of Xuanxing City was integral to the protective Star Array of the city, so he couldn’t use it as an evolution material for Star.

This was the first time the Star Origin had emitted such a dazzling light outside of Xuanxing City, and its implication was very clear.

There must be a Town Star Stone nearby, and it had just appeared!

Xu Ran’s gaze immediately fell upon the group of Emperor Species who were crossing the river.

Without a doubt, one of them had the Town Star Stone on them!

The light exploding from the Star Origin also immediately exposed Xu Ran, who had been concealed until then.

One of the Beast Emperors who had just crossed the Cold Dragon River snorted lowly, continuing to move forward, ready to strike down Xu Ran, the seemingly out-of-place scout, and seal off any news of their arrival.

But as it came close to the small hill, upon seeing the figure standing behind Xu Ran, the Beast Emperor’s complexion immediately turned to one of terrified alarm.

The colossal and terrifying Beast Emperor instantly knelt down.

"I have seen the Sword Saint."

It had to kneel. Although there are unspoken rules among Saint Level powers, the provocation by the weaker party was not included.

Its recent behavior had nearly offended Ji Xuan; without an immediate apology, Ji Xuan could have slain it and still been within his rights.

"Hmm," Ji Xuan nodded calmly, a trace of regret flashing in his eyes, "you’ve arrived quite quickly."

The Beast Emperor, having caught that hint of regret, shuddered at his own swift reaction and felt fortunate. His voice even took on a somewhat obsequious tone, "We are only acting upon the commands of the Saint, and we hope for the Sword Saint’s forgiveness."