Chapter 790 - 376: The Stars Guide The Way Home!_2

Since revelation was sought, the higher the proficiency, the better the effect clearly would be.@@novelbin@@

[★★★★ Stars’ Enlightenment (Stardust Level)] (0/100) [+]

↓↓↓

[★★★★ Stars’ Enlightenment (Halo Level)] (1927/50000) [+]

Watching Stars’ Enlightenment instantly advance to Halo Level, Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction.

Getting to Violent Sun Level directly was too difficult, but reaching Halo Level was still achievable.

"Star, begin!"

"Xi Lu!" (No problem!)

With a neigh, Star’s dark purple eyes suddenly shone with unparalleled brightness, filled with endless starlight, and the star patterns roaming around its body quietly froze, forming a complete star map.

Immense power surged heavenward, momentarily drawing the stars in the firmament, and before Star’s eyes, a scene converged with countless starlights emerged, as if by destiny, the messages echoing in its mind as a form of guidance.

Soon all the anomalies dispersed, and Star, having received the revelation, savored the experience of its first use, and then conveyed the revelation to Xu Ran.

"Beast Field number 76?" Xu Ran revealed a look of surprise, "You mean the Demon Wood Semi-Saint is now in Beast Field number 76?"

"Xi Lu~"

Star shook its head slightly.

The revelation had only provided it with the phrase "Beast Field number 76."

Whether this meant the Demon Wood Semi-Saint was there couldn’t be confirmed.

"I understand what you mean," Xu Ran nodded slightly.

But in his heart, he was inclined to believe that the Demon Wood Semi-Saint was currently in Beast Field number 76.

After all, since the Demon Wood Semi-Saint’s disappearance, both friend and foe had been searching for it, yet none had been successful.

If the Demon Wood Semi-Saint wasn’t in Beast Field number 47, everything would have a reasonable explanation.

"Could the Demon Wood Semi-Saint be in Beast Field number 76?" Qi Yuan, who stood by, also heard the exchange between man and pet and showed a thoughtful expression, "The place where Demon Wood Semi-Saint had fought the three Semi-Saints is in the northwest of Beast Field number 47."

"And Beast Field number 76 is located to the southeast of Beast Field number 47."

"In terms of distance, that would be the last place the Demon Wood Semi-Saint would likely go."

"Yet for that very reason, I even more believe the revelation Star received is correct."

"After all, only something sufficiently unexpected can remain undiscovered."

"The senior makes a good point," Xu Ran nodded slightly, "In that case, there’s no time to waste. I plan to set out now."

"That’s fine," Qi Yuan patted Xu Ran on the shoulder.

Being an Overlord Level Beast Master, he couldn’t stay away from Xuanxing City for long during this critical time, and even if he wanted to accompany Xu Ran, it just wasn’t possible.

It was not just him; other Overlord Level Beast Masters had extremely important tasks to handle at this juncture.

Therefore, Xu Ran would need to make the journey alone this time.

Luckily, for Xu Ran as he was now, this should not prove difficult.

Beast Fields number 11 to 72 were Beast Emperor-level Beast Fields.

Beast Field number 76 was merely a Beast King-level Beast Field.

In such a Beast Field, Xu Ran, with two King Stage·Emperor Species Pet Beasts, could easily sweep through once.

"Our Xuanxing City is located to the south of Beast Field number 47, relatively closer to Beast Field number 76, and there has been some minor exchange in the past," Qi Yuan pondered for a moment, "I remember the Association’s archive room has some information on Beast Field number 76, wait here for me."

With that, he disappeared swiftly to the Star Guiding Platform, returning about ten minutes later with several documents in hand, which he passed to Xu Ran, "This is it."

"Though not much, it should be of some help to you."

"The most important thing inside is a complete map of Beast Field number 76."

"Good," Xu Ran said no more, leapt onto Star’s back, carrying the other four little ones, and in an instant turned into a shadow that vanished into the night.

"This speed..." Qi Yuan couldn’t help but click his tongue in admiration.

Even Transcendent Beings proficient in speed at the Overlord stage would find it hard to catch up, right?

With such speed, if everything goes smoothly, it won’t be long before Xu Ran can bring back the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

Thinking of such a possibility, Qi Yuan’s heart couldn’t help but fill with more anticipation.

He only hoped that this catastrophe could end with as few casualties as possible.

-----------------

Evolution from King Species to Emperor Species, and strength advanced from General Level to King Stage, Star’s power had increased tremendously compared to before. It not only gained new skills but also saw a significant improvement in speed and other aspects.

Guided by the stars above the sky, Chasing Stars and Prayer of Starry Night took effect simultaneously. Star Oath connected Star’s power with Xu Ran’s, further enhancing Star’s abilities in all aspects.

Already extremely adept at speed, at this moment, it seemed to have reached a certain limit in this respect. When it was sprinting at full speed, the numerous scenes around it flew backward like flowing water.

Feeling the power of Star at this moment, Xu Ran, who sat on its back, also felt a sense of joy.

As the absolute support core of the team, Star’s growth in strength wasn’t just for itself.

Ziyun and Cancan, who had reached King Stage, would receive a substantial increase in enhancement.

Especially Ziyun, who like Star, belonged to the Emperor Species at the King Stage.

With Star’s full support now, even letting it clash with an Overlord stage might not be entirely impossible.

Ziyun curled up lazily in Xu Ran’s arms, looking at the scenery retreating around it, yet its mind was thinking about other matters.

When Star evolved, the praises Qi Yuan had for it echoed in Ziyun’s ears and were etched in its heart.

Having also evolved into the Emperor Species, it now seemed to be surpassed by Star.

Because Star had touched upon the Leap Attribute and was not far from the Holy Spirit Race.

And it had yet to show this kind of ability.

Although it possessed Dual Attributes, those were clearly different from the Leap Attribute; the latter was obviously stronger than the former.

So... what would its Leap Attribute be?

With this question in mind, Ziyun was somewhat absent-minded for a moment.

"Thinking about the Leap Attribute?"

With just one glance, Xu Ran could tell what Ziyun was thinking about.

They were too familiar with each other. Ziyun was the first to accompany Xu Ran, and between the two, there was no need for many words; they already shared a deep tacit understanding.

"Meow~" (Indeed~)

Ziyun lazily rubbed against the palm of Xu Ran’s hand. Continue reading at empire

"Actually, there are some clues to your Leap Attribute," Xu Ran smiled, "Think about Divine Punishment."

Hearing the words "Divine Punishment," a flicker of fear passed instinctively through Ziyun’s eyes.

But it understood what Xu Ran meant.

The power following Divine Punishment was undoubtedly strong.

This power was neither Thunder Attribute nor Fighting Attribute, but rather a new, more formidable power that emerged from the fusion of the two.

Unlike the current tranquil night, it was a kind of madness, as if it wanted to destroy everything with blackness.

Fearful not only of the backlash from Divine Punishment but also of the terrifying power it struggled to control, Ziyun felt a trace of dread.

Was it to take such a power as its future Leap Attribute?

Just the thought of it was a source of worry for Ziyun.

Because it had a very clear premonition: if it truly mastered that power, it might no longer be the same creature it was now.

"Don’t be in a hurry; this is just an idea." Seeing the fear in Ziyun’s eyes, Xu Ran’s voice became even gentler, "Actually, you don’t need to consider the issue of evolution attributes."

"Since I was able to get the Emperor Species evolution path, naturally, I will be able to get the Holy Spirit Race evolution path in the future."

He hadn’t forgotten, during his first glimpse into the lottery drawing page, he saw that golden reward called "Holy Spirit Race Evolution Path."

Currently, he could only draw the lesser Red Rewards.

But what about in the future?