Chapter 788 - 375: The Town Star Stone Arrives, Star Evolution!

"Do you all lack brains?"

The Beast Emperor who had originally been speaking amicably with the Crown Prince suddenly let out a roar, startling all the Emperor Species around him.

"This is an item deliberately demanded by a human Semi-Saint." Its gaze swept the crowd with a hint of ruthlessness, "Yet in Beast Field 47, we have no Semi-Saint."

"According to the unspoken rules, Elder Ji wouldn’t normally attack us, bullying the weak, but if we provoke him first, his retaliation becomes justified!"

"He wants a Town Star Stone, doesn’t he? What he really wants is an excuse to kill us!" The Beast Emperor said gravely, "Ji Xuan’s presence here is actually to help Beast Field 47! He wouldn’t miss any chance to strike!"

"If we don’t give it, not only will all of us inevitably perish here, but the more serious matter is that Beast Field 8 won’t be able to destroy Beast Field 47."

"Even if you perish here, the families behind you will surely bear the boundless wrath of all Saints! A hundred deaths won’t absolve your sins!"

His words left the other Emperor Species dumbfounded.

It’s just refusing resources, is it really that serious?

But after thinking it over more carefully, they couldn’t help but be moved.

Because what he said was indeed possible.

For a moment, the Emperor Species who had been indifferent began to look towards the King Stage royals who had refused to hand over the Town Star Stone.

This put the pressure on them.

Of course, not all Emperor Species were swayed by his speech.

The other Beast Emperor standing firmly by the side of that King Stage royal spoke with a heavy voice, "You make some sense, but the other party is the despicable and shameless humans, how can we bow to them?"

"So what do you plan to do?" the leading Beast Emperor countered calmly, "Refuse, have all royals here killed, then call upon a Semi-Saint to battle them?"

"Don’t forget, Elder Ji just killed six Semi-Saints just a few days ago!"

"What about the Beast Saint..." The other Beast Emperor’s expression darkened slightly.

"If the Beast Saint could descend here, why would we allow a mere Epic Level Beast Master like Ji Xuan to be so arrogant?" The leading Beast Emperor interrupted without hesitation, "All Saints are restrained by the humans’ Saint Spirits."

The Guardian Beast Emperor fell silent for a moment, "Then how can you ensure that this is Ji Xuan’s last unreasonable demand?"

"Do we have to fulfill whatever he asks for?"

Upon hearing this, the leading Beast Emperor’s heart skipped a beat.

Although the purpose of the speech he had just made was to persuade other Emperor Species to pressure the party in question, he began to feel somewhat uncertain himself as he spoke.

Did Ji Xuan really want the Town Star Stone, or was he just looking for an excuse to massacre them?

Torn inside and thinking of what he knew about Ji Xuan’s usual behavior, the leading Beast Emperor steeled himself.

It’s a gamble!

"If there are further unreasonable demands, I will perish before all of you!"

Hearing this, the Guardian Beast Emperor by the King Stage royal fell silent, shifting his gaze towards the King Stage royal.

The King Stage royal cursed inwardly but knew he had no other choice right now. He took out a gem that shimmered with regular starlight and countless crystal faces like mirrors and tossed it to the leading Beast Emperor, "Take it!"

The leading Beast Emperor secretly breathed a sigh of relief and turned to fly towards Ji Xuan and Xu Ran who were waiting on the other side, all the while praying silently in his heart. Find more chapters on empire@@novelbin@@

Forefather Ji Xuan, I beseech you as my forefather, please don’t make any more trouble...

"This is the Town Star Stone, please review it, Sword Saint."

He handed over the Town Star Stone with the utmost respect, his demeanor even more obsequious than before, to the point where even Ji Xuan couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow.

"See if it’s what you wanted." Ji Xuan turned to Xu Ran.

And Xu Ran was already beside himself with joy.

Star did not speak, but through Contractual Sensing sent cheers one after another, along with the increasingly bright light of the Source of Stars.

Everything indicated that the Town Star Stone before them was genuine.

"Thank you, Elder Ji." Xu Ran bowed gratefully to Ji Xuan and took the Town Star Stone from the Beast Emperor.

"You, at least, are wise." Ji Xuan glanced at the Beast Emperor who was trembling with fear, a hint of regret flashing in his eyes, "Let’s go."

With that, the Epic Level Pet Beast behind Ji Xuan slightly shimmered, taking Ji Xuan and one person along with five beasts away from the spot.

As the figure vanished before their eyes, the Beast Emperor breathed a sigh of relief as if granted amnesty.

The hint of regret from the other party at the moment of departure was unmistakable.

It seems that the other party really did have the intention of seizing the opportunity to wipe out all Emperor Species in one fell swoop.

Fortunately, he had seen through the other party’s scheme.

That’s right! He had seen through the other party’s scheme, which was why he persuaded the other royals to hand over the Town Star Stone!

It certainly wasn’t out of fear of being slain by Ji Xuan that he acted!

The Beast Emperor straightened up and flew towards the other Emperor Species with justified indignation.

-----------------

"Chairman Fang!"

Back in Xieyun City, Xu Ran forcibly subdued the joy of obtaining the Town Star Stone and didn’t forget the most important thing at the moment, immediately seeking out Fang Canghai.

"Beast Field 8 has already sent reinforcements, and there is a significant number of Beast Emperors among them!" He quickly reported what he had discovered to Fang Canghai.

Upon hearing the bad news, Fang Canghai’s expression also darkened considerably, "It seems that a full-blown war is inevitable."

"I remember you mentioned to me before." Fang Canghai glanced at Xu Ran, "You have prepared transport artefacts in each city’s branch stores, but they can only transport yourself."

"Yes." Xu Ran nodded.

To better prepare for this war, he had revealed part of his abilities so Fang Canghai could plan more effectively.

"If that’s the case..." Fang Canghai meditated for a moment, then spoke, "Wait here for me."

"Later, help me send the battle plans to the other three cities with branch stores."

"Good." Qin Chuan agreed with a nod.

Just in time, he was planning to go to Xuanxing City for Star’s evolution.

-----------------