Chapter 792 - 377 The Dying Tree, Rebirth Of Life_2

In such circumstances, it was very possible for the injured Demon Wood Semi-Saint to have fled in such haste that a branch dropped without his noticing.

Holding this branch, Xu Ran felt a slight heaviness in his heart.@@novelbin@@

On this branch, there was a small fork that looked like the spot where a leaf would be attached, except that there was no leaf at the fork now.

Considering that each leaf of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint held unfathomable power, capable of rewriting the order of an entire area in an instant, Xu Ran couldn’t help but wonder if the Demon Wood Semi-Saint had expended all his leaves in that terrible battle.

As he fondled the branch, a stroke of inspiration struck him, and he took out a green leaf with golden patterns from his embrace.

That was a leaf given to him by the Demon Wood Semi-Saint as a token of gratitude after he helped it evolve into the Holy Spirit Race.

The leaf itself had already reached the strength of an epic-level resource.

According to the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, using this leaf, Xu Ran could instantly rewrite the order of the surrounding area, but Xu Ran had not encountered any danger since he got it, so the leaf had never been used.

This time, in search of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, Xu Ran brought it with him, thinking that it might come in handy.

Considering this might be the only remaining Leaf of Order from the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, Xu Ran carefully attached the leaf onto the fork of the branch.

A faint glimmer passed over, and the two fused together seamlessly; the leaf appeared as naturally attached to the branch as if it had grown there, with the golden patterns twinkling softly, like breathing, and the cyan-golden patterns on the branch itself grew gradually brighter at that moment.

When the patterns finally shone brightly, an indescribable, extremely weak attraction emerged from the branch in his hand.

Feeling this faint attraction, Xu Ran’s eyes gleamed with joy.

Although he didn’t know the specific principle, this awakened segment of the branch seemed capable of sensing the current location of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

"Star, head that way!"

Without so much as glancing at the obediently prostrate Gigantic Wolf Beast King lying on the ground, Xu Ran, accompanied by the four little ones, mounted up and pointed in the direction from which the attraction came.

"Xi Lu Lu~"

Accompanied by Star’s whinny, one man and five pets vanished on the spot.

The Gigantic Wolf Beast King raised its head in bewilderment, staring in the direction of their disappearance, feeling utterly stupefied.

Had they really set it free?

-----------------

"Keep moving forward!"

With Xu Ran’s slightly urgent voice, Star’s figure turned into a blur in the 76th Beast Field, so fast that even the Beast King couldn’t catch its trail.

As Xu Ran got closer to the direction from which the attraction was coming, the attraction from the branch in his hand grew stronger and stronger.

At that moment, the cyan-golden patterns on the branch were lightly trembling, as if expressing excited emotions.

It was getting closer and closer.

Xu Ran was absolutely certain that the Demon Wood Semi-Saint was somewhere ahead.

It couldn’t be wrong!

"Stop!" A thunderous shout came from the side, and a massive figure swiftly appeared, chasing in their direction.

Without waiting for it to speak, Xu Ran casually tossed Ziyun, who had been in his embrace.

A flash of Thunder, a booming sound erupted, and the Transcendent Being, brimming with King Level pinnacle strength, was blasted away by Ziyun’s palm before Xu Ran could even make out its outline, charred and lifeless.

Catching Ziyun, who flashed back to his side, Xu Ran didn’t look back, one hand still gripping the branch sensitively, his eyes fixed intently ahead.

In a secluded and unremarkable little valley, a narrow path was revealed before his eyes.

As soon as he stepped into the valley, Xu Ran saw the figure of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

However, the state of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint was far worse than Xu Ran had imagined.

Its once massive stature was severely shrunken, only three to four meters tall, shorter than many ordinary trees, with not a single leaf on its body, and the cyan-golden patterns on its branches and trunk nearly completely dimmed, barely visible.

This state was even worse than the state of the branch in Xu Ran’s hand.

Clearly, the state of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint hiding behind this mountain valley had not improved; instead, it was getting worse.

Dismounting, Xu Ran walked step by step to the front of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

The silent body of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint did not react to his approach, and even when Xu Ran placed his hand gently upon the demi-saint’s trunk, there was no sign of awakening.

On its body, Xu Ran could only feel an extremely weak life force, like a candle flame in the wind, about to be extinguished at any moment.

If they had arrived any later, the Demon Wood Semi-Saint might have truly perished here.

Thinking of this, Xu Ran felt a heavy sinking in his heart.

Indeed, even with the Demonic Wood Semi-Saint’s high talent, facing three adversaries at this stage was still too much to bear.

Explore stories on empire

Taking a deep breath, Xu Ran picked up the tree branch with a leaf hanging from it and, imitating the way the Demon Wood Semi-Saint had wielded its power, he spoke softly.

"May this place speed up the recovery of wounds!"

"Crack~"

Accompanied by a soft crackling sound, the golden-patterned green leaf instantly transformed into points of light that spread out, enveloping the entire space around them, as the immeasurable Power of Order descended.

The order of this place was rewritten in an instant, and the healing of wounds accelerated.

Xu Ran watched the still Silent Demon Wood Semi-Saint nervously, his heart in his throat.

As time ticked by, the Power of Order within the leaf was rapidly depleting, and once the last speck of light dimmed, the order of the surroundings returned to normal.

Looking at the still silent Demon Wood Semi-Saint, with the green and golden light on its twig remaining unlit, Xu Ran’s spirit plummeted.

Could it be that even this cannot revive the Demon Wood Semi-Saint?

This was the most effective method he could think of at the moment.

If this couldn’t help, all Xu Ran could do was to once again ask Ji Xuan for assistance.

But as he understood, neither of the two Epic-Level Pet Beasts Ji Xuan had at his disposal at the moment had the ability to heal.

So even if Ji Xuan was to lend a hand, they could only take the Demon Wood Semi-Saint to Broken Abyss City for treatment.

Setting aside whether there was enough time, for the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, Broken Abyss City might not even be safe.

After all...

Thinking of the scant information Ji Xuan had disclosed over the past days while sparring with him, Xu Ran’s expression grew more and more grim.

Could it be that there really was no way to save the Demon Wood Semi-Saint?

Just when Xu Ran was at a loss, a faint voice echoed throughout the mountain valley.

"The Power of Order, is not to be used like this."

Hearing this familiar voice, Xu Ran’s head shot up, looking at the Demon Wood Semi-Saint before him with surprise and joy.

"Senior, you...,"

The massive power from the Earth around them surged, cutting his words short.

Cancan was dumbfounded beside him.

At this moment, it could clearly feel, throughout the entire valley and even from extremely far beyond it, countless Earth attribute powers converging toward this spot, as if they were being devoured by a black hole, ceaselessly pouring into the body of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

Under this terrifying force, the body of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint began to grow. The life force flickering like a candle flame rapidly turned into a raging inferno within a very brief period.

The brink of death was averted in an instant!

Its body stretched comfortably as it grew from a weak, small tree of three to four meters high to a towering giant tree hundreds of meters tall. Although not as grand as in its prime, it had regained a considerable amount of its strength.

An ethereal face appeared in the void, eyes smiling as it looked at Xu Ran, "I never imagined that a modest gift I once gave would not aid you but instead help myself."

"Were it not for that trace of the Power of Order, I would probably have completely succumbed here until the very last of my life’s fire was extinguished."

"Senior, have you recovered?" Xu Ran said, his face flush with excitement.