Chapter 802 - 382: A New Journey! (Grand Finale)_2

```

To continue improving, one must keep increasing the number of followers.

The path of it, having evolved into a Reflection of Virtual Realm, seemed to have become clearer.

"That’s good," Xu Ran said with an easy smile.

He had only intended to use this opportunity to let Cancan evolve, but he had not expected that Twelve would evolve as well, a double blessing indeed.

"Let’s stay here and wait for this battle to end," he proposed.

Everything else could be easily said, but Cancan had already fused with Changping City and would probably have to stay here for the time being.

Once this catastrophe had completely ended, and Changping City was no longer of importance, Chairman Fang would likely not mind him taking away a 3-Level town.

-----------------

"Demon Wood Semi-Saint!!!"

The Xuanlong Beast Emperor let out a roar of fury, its terrifying aura soaring into the sky like a dreadful demi-god, instantly charging at the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

The opponent was indeed mighty and suppressed all of them with effortless movements.

But there’s a saying, "Fists are no match for four hands"!

At this moment, the other six Beast Emperors exchanged injuries for an opportunity, finally gaining this valuable chance for it.

It was over! All was over!

In the eyes of the Xuanlong Beast Emperor, there was nothing but sharp fighting spirit.

Whether it was taking back Beast Field No. 8 after severely wounding the Demon Wood Semi-Saint or killing the Demon Wood Semi-Saint on the spot, upon its return to Beast Field No. 8, it would receive the praise of all saints!

What awaited it would be the rise of itself and its clan!

With spirited fighting will burning in its eyes, the Xuanlong Beast Emperor spared no effort to drain every bit of its potential, releasing the most powerful strike of its life, fiercely bombing the body of Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

"Boom!!!"

A great roaring sound spread instantly across the entire battlefield, causing all the other fighting rings to pause momentarily as they looked on in astonishment.

When the dust settled, those from Beast Field No. 47, whether humans or Transcendent Beings, were all filled with murderous intent, their eyes bloodshot.

The seemingly invincible figure was now brutally shattered, leaving only a hand holding a spear and half a head.

Looking at this terrifying scene, all creatures were filled with unending sorrow.

Does the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, even in death, still clutch its spear, aspiring to defend Beast Field No. 47?

The Demon Wood Semi-Saint, it... huh?

The sorrow could not last for long as it was overwhelmed by astonishment and bewilderment.

For the nearly obliterated Demon Wood Semi-Saint grinned, the spear in its hand bursting with dazzling light, after which its half-head instantly restored itself to whole, and the body that was thought to be utterly lost also regenerated as before.

The ease of that act was like growing a new branch.

If Xu Ran were there, he would probably have laughed out loud.

Having witnessed the form transformation of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint himself, he knew that the trunk and root system of Demon Wood Semi-Saint had entirely become that spear, while the seemingly main body of the tree person was just a branch that had transformed.

So, in a sense, Demon Wood Semi-Saint repairing its body was indeed just like fixing a branch.

"You... you..." The Xuanlong Beast Emperor, already having tried its best, was dumbfounded, no longer looking at the tree person form of Demon Wood Semi-Saint but staring fixedly at the spear in its hand, "Is this your true form?!"

"Hehe, surprised?" Demon Wood Semi-Saint smirked, its aura climbing higher and higher, "It’s over!"

Watching Demon Wood Semi-Saint easily kill the Xuanlong Beast Emperor, and then the other several Beast Emperors in succession, Fang Canghai could not help but shake his head.

This old guy, he almost fooled him as well.

As Demon Wood Semi-Saint cooperated in killing the other nine disheartened Beast Emperors, Fang Canghai looked toward the now demoralized army of Transcendent Beings from Beast Field No. 8 with a smirk.

If everything went as expected, the Beast Emperors from Beast Field No. 47 had succeeded in their operation inside the camp of the Transcendent Beings army of Beast Field No. 8, right?

He raised his head, looking toward the direction of the opponent’s camp.

Why had not a single Beast Emperor under the command of Demon Wood Semi-Saint appeared?

It was because they had been assigned other tasks.

This time, with the loss of its camp and the fall of a dozen or more Beast Emperors, Beast Field No. 8 could be said to have suffered tremendously.

This calamity was also nearing its end.

-----------------

"Grandpa, after that, did Beast Field No. 8 not continue invading Beast Field No. 47? Wouldn’t the saints be unwilling to give up?"

By a recliner, a little girl around five or six years old tugged at the hand of the elder lying on the recliner, shaking it impatiently, "Grandpa, please continue the story!"

"No need to rush," the elder chuckled, the wrinkles on his aged face revealing a hint of the handsomeness from his youth as he gazed at his granddaughter, his smile filled with tenderness, "Beast Field No. 8 was naturally not willing to let go."

"The fall of a large number of Semi-Saints and Beast Emperors was indeed a painful loss for the saints. Because they concentrated too much power in Beast Field No. 47, they also lost their advantage in the main battlefield against Broken Abyss City and ultimately suffered heavy losses."

"The saints, they were all a bunch of petty characters," the elder snickered, a touch of smugness in his eyes, "Certainly they wanted to take revenge on Beast Field No. 47, but..."

"A wise and invincible man followed Ji Xuan to Broken Abyss City and opened a Foster Shop there."

"Wherever this Foster Shop is, there will be stability and peace."

```

```

Upon hearing "a wise and valiant man" as the opening line, the little girl already knew what the old man was going to say, her baby-face showing an expression of disdain, "Grandpa, can you stop boasting about yourself?"

"Ahahaha..." The old man laughed awkwardly, sitting up straight from the reclining chair and slowly standing up, he walked leisurely to the backyard, "Go see what delicious food your grandma has made."

The little girl had an "I knew it" expression, trotting after him, tugging at the hem of the old man’s clothes, "Grandpa, next time I want to hear the story of how you and grandma met in Broken Abyss City!"

"That story is... not suitable for children, not suitable for children at all!" The old man laughed, then his expression suddenly turned serious.

Lines of text appeared before his eyes.

[Host: Xu Ran

Contract power: 9 Level

Contract Pet Beasts:

Ziyun [View Details]@@novelbin@@

Star [View Details]

Cancan [View Details]

Twelve [View Details]

Firefly [View Details]

...

System Skills:

[Plucking Fur (A Level)]

[Drug Application (A Level)]

[Pranks (A Level)]

Pet Beast Skills: None

Physical Points: Slight

Skill Points: Slight

Pleasure Value: Slight]

[Main Task 18: A Vast Array (Completed)

Task Description: The host is requested to set up Starfire Foster Care Shop branches in every city on the continent and achieve a 100% Fame throughout the continent.

Task Reward: Mythical-level Guidance]

[Claim]

Finally... is it complete?

Xu Ran clicked to claim the reward, the signs of old age slowly fading from his being, his stooped back straightened, and the marks of time on his face disappeared.

Walking into the backyard, and looking at the nine silhouettes casting their gaze upon him, he grinned.

"Old pals, the new journey begins now!"

[The End]

-----------------

An ending with some regrets, but indeed I can’t write any further.

This inability to continue isn’t merely because of subpar results, but because my capability to control the plot of this book is gradually diminishing.

The initial idea of combining a foster shop with controlling beasts focused more on the customers, attempting to weave daily warmth into the narrative through various small stories, linking them into one cohesive larger tale.

And then occasionally throwing in some excitement during the process.

Regrettably, because my experiences are not particularly rich, I can write slice-of-life content, but fail to write slice-of-life stories.

When the daily stories of the clients became increasingly homogeneous, I realized that this book might not turn out the way I wanted.

Continuously opening new branches, repeating similar plots, is not what I wished to write. Read new chapters at empire

I attempted to escape this situation by trying something new.

Thus came the cataclysm in the Beast Field No. 47.

I almost abandoned the foster shop storyline, shifting towards a more traditional beast-controlling theme.

This change was still a failure; it led the book towards a Xuanhuan style, hence it could only end with a mix of successes and regrets.

Thankfully, I didn’t write Xu Ran dying of narcissism in front of a mirror.

The memoir-style ending was a moment of inspiration, but it turned out much better than expected.

When it comes to writing books, I always consider myself a brave soul. I try to infuse each of my books with completely distinct elements. Such trials are doomed to have hits and misses, and certainly cannot satisfy every reader.

So I thank every reader who indulged my caprices, and for those who didn’t, I accept their views as well.

The new book just happened to be released today, interested readers might want to have a look. Many readers might have already guessed the simultaneous release, even though I’ve been denying it’s my work, but in truth, I haven’t been trying hard to hide that fact.

"Misbehaving in a World Where Time Has Stopped"

A story of controlling beasts mischievously, yet not wantonly...

```

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and                            continue reading tomorrow, everyone!