Chapter 798 - 380: Battle, Feather Dragon Crown Prince! _2

But before they could make their move, a series of figures swiftly descended, intercepting most of them in an instant.

"I mean..." Fang Canghai, holding a long staff, stood in front of the three Beast Emperors. Blood, Essence Force, and Divine Sense surged around him as his eyes gleamed sharply, "Do you really think so little of me?"

As the standoff among the Beast Emperors unfolded, clashes at the Overlord stage also erupted in full. One after another, Overlord Level Beast Masters appeared on the battlefield, summoning all their Overlord Level Pet Beasts and charging into the fray.

The elite forces of the 47th Beast Field Alliance, well-organized and ready, now found their own opponents.

The melee erupted in an instant.

At that moment, a world-shaking roar suddenly exploded.

"Boom!!!"

As if the sky were collapsing and the earth splitting open, with the ground shaking violently, a terrifying Dragon Turtle, with a body length of two hundred thousand meters, slowly rose from beneath the earth. Its solid and thick scales supported the whole Changping City as it looked up to the sky and let out a roar before it took a step forward.

Its huge and sturdy limbs, like pillars of the heavens, shook the earth as they touched down, and each step stirred up a powerful storm.

Witnessing this scene, the Xuanlong Beast Emperor, who had been losing ground under the attack of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, suddenly froze, then his pupils contracted violently.

What the hell is this?!

It could sense that the gigantic beast’s strength was only at the King Stage, and there were many present who could easily defeat it.

But thanks to its enormous size, it was unexpectedly able to carry the entire Changping City with such ease.

Normally, body size doesn’t offer much advantage in combat.

But that’s under normal circumstances.

Whose King Stage creature has a body size of two hundred thousand meters?!

This is two hundred thousand! Not twenty!

If Changping City has been moved away, then what’s the point in fighting?

"Stop it!" the Xuanlong Beast Emperor bellowed.

However, his command was doomed to go unfulfilled.

Because the forces of the 47th Beast Field had come so well prepared that, with the appearance of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, the army of Beast Field number eight, which should have been the calculators, became the calculated.

All of the creatures at the Emperor and Overlord stages, now faced their own opponents, and had no time to spare to stop that gigantic creature that was making strides. Although it moved somewhat slowly, each step covered ten thousand meters.

"You dare be distracted while battling me?" the Demon Wood Semi-Saint spoke eerily, his spear dancing wildly, instantly poking a bloody hole in the Xuanlong Beast Emperor.

The Xuanlong Beast Emperor’s expression darkened in an instant, his face filling with wariness.

There was something strange about that spear!

The spear could absorb its life force at such a fast rate.

It dared not let its guard down any longer, forcing itself to concentrate and pay full attention to deal with the storm-like assault of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

Also pinned down by the attack of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint were the other six Beast Emperors that Fang Canghai had failed to stop in time.

One against seven, the Demon Wood Semi-Saint had managed to suppress them all completely. Terrifying indeed.

"Leave that big guy to me!"

A fierce shout rang out at this moment across the battlefield.

Immediately afterward, a Transcendent Being with the Imperial Crown over its head, yet whose momentum had not reached the Overlord stage, charged fiercely towards Cancan’s direction.

Hearing this voice, a glimmer of joy appeared in the eyes of the Xuanlong Beast Emperor.

Almost forgot about this Crown Prince.

Though his personality was imperious and capricious, as a direct descendant of the Saint Spirit, his strength was truly extraordinary.

With guidance from the Saint Spirit level, this Crown Prince’s vision and methods far surpassed those of the common Emperor Species. It didn’t matter that the big creature was a mere ordinary King Stage creature; even if it had been a King Stage of the Emperor Species, it would not have been a match for the Crown Prince.

Moreover, as a direct descendant of the Saint Spirit, how could this Crown Prince not have some hidden cards and treasures?

With him involved, surely they could stop this giant beast trying to take away Changping City!

Noticing the Feather Dragon, with its slender, crane-like figure and strength far surpassing the ordinary Beast King, flying swiftly towards Cancan, Qi Yuan’s expression changed slightly in the midst of battle.

"Stop!"

He let out a low shout, and the Overlord Level Pet Beast by his side instantly shifted its target, about to attack the approaching Feather Dragon.

But at that moment, the Overlord Level Transcendent Being he and his Pet Beast had been restraining acted in perfect concert to counter-restrain, leaving Qi Yuan unable to intervene.

"Trust in Xu Ran." Fang Canghai’s voice reached Qi Yuan’s ears.

Qi Yuan exchanged a glance with Fang Canghai in the distant battle ring and took a deep breath.

Yes, at this moment, they could only choose to trust Xu Ran!

"Kill!"

-----------------

Unlike the chaotic battlefield, Xu Ran and a few other little ones were sitting on Cancan’s high-raised head, quite excited.

This was the first time Cancan had fully displayed its maximum body type.

Previously on the battlefield, it had only used the skill Heaven-Earth Law to instantly transform into a ten-thousand-meter figure.

Ten thousand meters is the limit of Heaven-Earth Law, but it’s not Cancan’s limit at this moment!

Aside from Heaven-Earth Law, Cancan now possessed two other powerful Four Star Skills that could greatly increase its body type!

One evolved from the original Three Star Skill Echoing of Earth Vein, named Earth Descendant.

Offspring of the Earth!

After using this skill, Cancan, just like a child of the Earth, would receive an enormous enhancement in its Earth attribute Power, along with an all-around boost.

It would merge with the Earth, its body capable of withstanding greater pressure, thus displaying an even larger body type!

Apart from this, another Four Star Skill that could enlarge Cancan’s body type, named True Form of the Dragon Turtle, had evolved from the powerful Three Star Skill Dragon Turtle’s Power.

At the moment True Form of the Dragon Turtle was deployed, Cancan’s body type would be greatly strengthened, its bloodline power tremendously enhanced, and while its defensive strength increased by a large margin, it would also exert a suppressive effect on all closely-related beings.

The so-called closely-related beings refer to dragons and turtles among the Transcendent Beings.

-----------------

Although the opponent was willful and arrogant, as a direct descendant of the Saint Spirit, his strength was far from ordinary.

With the guidance at the Saint Spirit level, the Crown Prince’s vision and methods were far beyond those of ordinary Emperor Species, not to mention that the massive creature attempting to take Changping City was just a common King Stage being. Even if it were a King Stage·Emperor Species, it still wouldn’t be a match for the Crown Prince.

Furthermore, as a direct descendant of the Saint Spirit, how could the Crown Prince not have some trump cards and treasures on him?

With him there, they would definitely be able to stop that Giant Beast trying to take Changping City!

Noticing the Feather Dragon, slender as a crane and far surpassing a normal Beast King in strength, speeding toward Cancan, Qi Yuan’s expression subtly changed amid the fight.

"Stop right there!"@@novelbin@@

He issued a low shout, his Overlord Stage Pet Beast immediately shifted its target, ready to attack the Feather Dragon.

At that moment, the Overlord Level Transcendent Being restrained by him and his Pet Beast synchronously launched a counter-restraint, leaving Qi Yuan no room to act.

"Trust Xu Ran," Fang Canghai’s voice reached Qi Yuan’s ears.

Qi Yuan exchanged a glance with Fang Canghai in the distant battle ring and took a deep breath.

Yes, at this moment, they could only choose to trust Xu Ran!

"Kill!"

-----------------

Unlike the chaotic battlefield, Xu Ran and a few other little ones were sitting on Cancan’s high-raised head, quite excited.

This was the first time Cancan had fully displayed its maximum body type.

Previously on the battlefield, it had only used the skill Heaven-Earth Law to instantly transform into a ten-thousand-meter figure.

Ten thousand meters is the limit of Heaven-Earth Law, but it’s not Cancan’s limit at this moment!

Aside from Heaven-Earth Law, Cancan now possessed two other powerful Four Star Skills that could greatly increase its body type!

One evolved from the original Three Star Skill Echoing of Earth Vein, named Earth Descendant.

Offspring of the Earth!

After using this skill, Cancan, just like a child of the Earth, would receive an enormous enhancement in its Earth attribute Power, along with an all-around boost.

It would merge with the Earth, its body capable of withstanding greater pressure, thus displaying an even larger body type!

Apart from this, another Four Star Skill that could enlarge Cancan’s body type, named True Form of the Dragon Turtle, had evolved from the powerful Three Star Skill Dragon Turtle’s Power.

At the moment True Form of the Dragon Turtle was deployed, Cancan’s body type would be greatly strengthened, its bloodline power tremendously enhanced, and while its defensive strength increased by a large margin, it would also exert a suppressive effect on all closely-related beings.

The so-called closely-related beings refer to dragons and turtles among the Transcendent Beings.