Chapter 799 - 381: Cancan At Twelve, Double Evolution!

Its body transformed into a streak of rainbow, closing in rapidly on Cancan, and as it eyed Cancan’s increasingly spectacular and terrifying form, a hint of amazement flickered through the Feather Dragon’s pupils.

Such scale was now comparable to the Holy Spirit Race when they unfolded their Saint Spirit forms. The Feather Dragon would never dare approach this Giant Beast to test its strength.

Who could have imagined that a creature of the King Stage could grow to such an extent?

However…

No matter how preposterous, it was still just a creature of the King Stage.

Clearly sensing Cancan’s level of power, the Feather Dragon’s eyes showed a hint of scorn.

So big and yet so weak, a perfect target.

But soon, its scorn froze.

A powerful presence descended rapidly from above the head of the Giant Beast in front of it, and in an instant, appeared before the Feather Dragon.

Observing the other’s terrifying Thunder Attribute aura and the Thunderbolt crown condensed above its head, the Feather Dragon’s expression became slightly more solemn.

Of course, just slightly.

At the Same Stage, it was invincible.

Even if the other was also of the King Stage · Emperor Species, it was utterly confident of victory.

"Just you alone?" the Feather Dragon looked at Ziyun with considerable contempt, "Seeking death!"

"Boom!!!"

A clap of thunder roared, and Ziyun casually grasped the emerging Thunder Light. Looking at the Feather Dragon as if it were a corpse.

The restless and ferocious Thunder Light in its hand instantly transformed into a long spear and was then hurled towards the Feather Dragon.

Four Stars skill, Violent Sun Level· Astonishing Thunder Fury!

"Roar—"

The Feather Dragon roared, and a dense pale blue Wind Wall swirled around its body. The spear slowed dramatically as it met the layered resistance of the Wind Wall, coming to a complete stop before the Feather Dragon.

However, before the Feather Dragon could reveal a smug expression, countless restless Thunder Lights surged from the void around it. These and the frozen Thunderbolt spear in front of it seemed to resonate with each other, and the next moment, the spear exploded right in the Feather Dragon’s face.

Four Stars skill, Violent Sun Level· Thunder Shocker!

At the proficiency of the Violent Sun Level, the execution of skills often wasn’t restricted to form anymore.

In this moment, the combination of two skills instantly formed a Thunder Sea that swallowed the Feather Dragon’s body, where the terrifying Thunderforce condensed to the extreme, as if heralding the end of the world.

In this boundless sea of electric light, a flash of blue light lit up swiftly, and simultaneously, echoing through the Thunderous Sound was the disdainful voice of the Feather Dragon.@@novelbin@@

"Is this your full strength? That’s all you’ve got!"

Facing provocation yet again, Ziyun’s expression turned even more unpleasant. With a thought, its flesh and blood body instantaneously transformed into a purple-black Thunderbolt Body.

As its own form changed, the sea of Thunder Light also swiftly darkened, as if a new Power was awakening amidst the Thunder and Light.

Precise Five Stars skill, Violent Sun Level· Annihilating Thunder Body!

Since the other was so set on seeking death, Ziyun didn’t mind using its most potent Power to oblige.

As Ziyun’s only successfully fused Talent Skill, the power of Annihilating Thunder Body was unquestionable.

In the Thunder Sea, the Feather Dragon was like it had been choked, its arrogant voice suddenly cut off, and the hazy blue light became extremely unstable, lurching as if trying to break free.

"Meow~" (Continue speaking?)

Ziyun’s gaze flashed coldly as the terrifying momentum around it thunderously rolled towards the Thunder Sea.

Under the Annihilating Thunder Body, every hit landed would strike the enemy’s vital points, causing significantly increased damage.

It wanted to see just how long the Feather Dragon could remain arrogant.

Feeling the crashing energy within the Thunder Sea growing weaker, Ziyun nodded in satisfaction. But before it could revel in its triumph, a powerful aura suddenly burst from within the Thunder Sea, tearing it apart and rushing out.

"Damn ants…"

The current state of the Feather Dragon was anything but good; there were multiple scorched marks across its body, with electric arcs ceaselessly traveling over it, but its face carried a strange shade of exhilaration. Its eyes locked onto Ziyun, and then, it suddenly spoke in a different tone.

"Is it you who harmed my clan’s offspring?"

What was this?

Ziyun was momentarily stunned but as it sensed the other’s strength quickly rising, nearing the Overlord stage’s mighty power, its expression changed instantly.

Deep within its eyes flashed a glint of profound and obscure black, just as it was about to dispense Divine Punishment, a resplendent streak of Starlight pattern swiftly enveloped its body. While elevating Ziyun’s strength, it also dissuaded the idea of wielding Divine Punishment.

The Star arrived.

Star, previously lingering behind Ziyun, now tread on the Star Cloud, walking the void, a crown of the splendid Star Cloud and Starlight formed over its body.

It gazed intently at the power-rising Feather Dragon.

"Xi Lu~" (There’s a stronger being using its body.)

"Heh heh, you actually noticed," the Feather Dragon let out a cold laugh. Both sides of its face donned completely different expressions, making it look particularly ferocious, "Another King Stage· Emperor Species? What of it? I am invincible!"

Star slightly shook its head, a beam of light streaked across the void, falling instantaneously on both it and Ziyun.

Star Oath!

The Star Oath, combined with the previously cast Star God Blessing, twisted the powers of both together in an instant, the rising momentum on Ziyun’s body causing the Feather Dragon’s face to freeze immediately.

"You?!"

How was this possible?

It possessed a treasured gift from the Saint Spirit Ancestor of its clan. Its strength could greatly increase by drawing upon the soul of a predeceased elder.