Chapter 501: 283 The Secrets Of The Sky-Touching Mysterious Wood_3

Chapter 501: Chapter 283 The Secrets of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood_3

“Hello, Boss.” The acting store manager greeted Xu Ran with a respectful smile, followed by a look of confusion.

Wasn’t it said that they were in charge of today’s business? Why has the boss come back?

“I’m going to take a set of spare washing and protection supplies out.” Xu Ran explained, then waved to the acting store manager, “You go to the Accompanying Practice Area and attend to your business, there should be plenty of practice accompaniment services today.”

Following Qingzhou City and Xieyun City, the third System store manager of Monster Wooden City mainly handled practice accompaniments.

In this way, the three store managers each had different responsibilities, allowing the resources each store provided to Xu Ran to complement each other to some extent and strike a balance.

After all, the System store managers only took twenty percent of all profits, offering Xu Ran far more resources than a staff member on a fifty-fifty split would.

“Indeed, there are many clients for practice accompaniment today.” Hearing Xu Ran’s words, the System store manager turned to leave, no longer concerning themselves with Xu Ran’s movements.

Walking straight into the Washing and Protection room, Xu Ran nodded a greeting to the staff member in charge of washing and found a set of spare washing supplies in no time.

Unlike the previously mixed-up washing supplies tailored for various Pet Beast Species, this set was a special version for all Pet Beast Species.

Because it was universal, the washing effect was not as customized as tailored versions, but with Xu Ran’s washing techniques, the difference wouldn’t be too great.

It was more than sufficient for washing newborns.

Packing the necessary items into a small box, Xu Ran stepped out of the store again, waved goodbye to the clients at the door who were reluctant to leave, and then vanished in a flash under the rapid dash of Star.

When he reappeared at the meeting place with the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader by the city gate, he just caught sight of the Clan Leader returning with a sack over his shoulder that was larger than its own body.

“Let’s go.” Xu Ran, guessing the contents from the labels on the sack, smiled and considerately suggested, “There’s a lot of stuff here, Cancan can help later.”

“Chah~” (No problem!)

Cancan, a mini version of itself sitting on Star’s back, glanced at the huge sack several times its current size, and waved a paw without any strain.

With nothing else delaying them, one human, three beasts, and the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader left the city side by side. After a distance from the city gate, Cancan leapt down from Star and transformed, quickly growing from its tiny size to dozens of meters in length.@@novelbin@@

Though its body hadn’t fully returned to its original state, such a size was quite satisfying to Cancan.

It excitedly shook its head, then grabbed the sack from the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s hand and slung it over its back, signaling the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, Xu Ran, and the other two small ones to hurry up.

Once out of the city, it was Cancan’s world!

“Xi Lu~” (Indeed, my feeling back then was correct.)

Star neighed, shaking its head helplessly.

Ever since Cancan’s Subterranean Skill was promoted to Three Stars and became the Subterranean Shape Pond capable of carrying people, Star had foreseen that its position as the team’s mount was under threat.

Now, the premonition had turned into reality.

In some special circumstances, Cancan was indeed more suitable for carrying everyone than Star.

“Let’s go.” Xu Ran smiled, “Cancan, don’t dive too deep, we can enjoy the scenery.”

“Chah~” (Understood!)

Cancan nodded its head, and after everyone was on its back, an earthen yellow halo flickered around its body.

The next moment, its massive figure began to sink slowly.

Not completely submerged underground, Cancan kept just its limbs and lower part of its shell buried, with its head and upper shell exposed.

This allowed everyone sitting on the shell to have a normal view of the surrounding landscape.

“Lur~”

A hint of envy appeared in the eyes of the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader.

It could tell that the skill Cancan was using had an effect similar to Burrow Soil, but it was definitely higher level than Burrow Soil.

Burrow Soil only allowed an Earth attribute Pet Beast itself to dive underground, unable to carry much. For instance, the sack the Ground Raccoon had just now couldn’t be taken underground.

But Cancan’s skill could do this and even carry people.

If it also mastered this skill, everyday life would be much more convenient.

Of course, it was only a thought.

After all, not everyone could like Xu Ran enhance the stars of a Pet Beast’s Skills; ordinary Transcendent Beings only had a chance when evolving.

“Chah!” (Let’s go!)

Once its height was stabilized, Cancan shouted and started speeding towards the location of the celebration, guided by the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader.

Even though “full speed” for Cancan obviously couldn’t compare to Star’s pace, this was a good thing for Xu Ran and the other two little ones.

After all, they were intending to take a closer look at the situation within the Monster Wooden Domain.

The slower they traveled, the clearer they could see.

And they had the Ground Raccoon, a local guide, right by their side.

As Monster Wooden City receded further behind them, Xu Ran, entering deeper into the Monster Wooden Domain, also saw the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood growing larger in his line of sight.

This was probably the largest Transcendent Being Xu Ran had ever seen among all.

It was so big that it exceeded Xu Ran’s understanding of Transcendent Beings.

The Mysterious Wood’s main trunk rose to tens of thousands of meters, with a thick and lush canopy that extended horizontally for dozens of kilometers, as if propping up the entire sky. Moreover, countless branches fell to the ground, taking root in the soil to become new branches.