Chapter 504 - 284 Guessing And Celebration Opening_2

Chapter 504: Chapter 284 Guessing and Celebration Opening_2

As for the specific reason, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader did not say, but it was probably related to the roots of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

As Xu Ran and his three Pet Beasts entered the shady layer with the Ground Raccoon, a cool feeling instantly surged towards Xu Ran and the three little ones.

“Xi Lu~” (This place is so comfortable~)

Star power whined, feeling the suddenly enriched Dark Attribute energy of the place, a look of satisfaction emerging in its eyes.

“Cha~” (Indeed~)

Upon entering, Cancan shivered all over, unable to help itself from nodding in agreement.

The moment it stepped into the area covered by the physique of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, it felt a rich Earth attribute Power that wasn’t available outside.

That was the power emanating from the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself, yet it did not repel any creature that entered its vicinity. Instead, it showed an even closer affinity to creatures of the Earth attribute.

Even the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader beside them had a look of nostalgia and relaxation on its face.

Being an Earth Extraordinary Creature itself, upon visiting this place again and feeling the immense presence of the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu, it suddenly remembered the times from its youth when it followed the elders of its tribe to present the tribe’s gifts to the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

Unfortunately, even though the Ground Raccoon Tribe still presents similar gifts under the leadership of the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, such scenes can no longer be witnessed.

Seeing that the other three had entered this place and felt very comfortable, Ziyun couldn’t help but shrink its head, nestling in Xu Ran’s embrace.

Was it the only one that felt this environment was unfriendly?

The overly rich Earth attribute powers in the air around them completely suppressed the Thunder Attribute elements, reducing Ziyun’s strength by as much as twenty or thirty percent when it used any Thunder Attribute abilities in such an environment.

“It’s okay, you still have the Fighting Attribute,” Xu Ran said with a smile, rubbing Ziyun’s head to comfort it and then hopping down from Cancan’s scales, “We’ll walk the rest of the way ourselves.”

Unable to use Subterranean Shape Pond, there was no need to have Cancan carry them anymore.

Sensing something, Xu Ran suddenly looked up, noting a few scrutinizing gazes from above disappear before they returned his gaze.

Extraordinary creatures living within the Canopy Layer, huh…

“Lu~”

In the Canopy Layer, some creatures harbored strong curiosity towards newcomers.

Noticing Xu Ran’s movements, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader casually explained and then pointed at several figures that were rapidly approaching from this direction.

“Lu!”

They were coming to meet us.

“Zhi~”

“Si~”

“Shasha!”

“…”

The enthusiastic voices of various Extraordinary Creatures filled the air, and soon, creatures of different shapes and sizes appeared before Xu Ran and the three little ones.

Besides the Earth Rock Rats they had already dealt with, Xu Ran also saw the Covering Earth Rock Snake, Sand Dragon Monster, Earth Lustrous, and other species.

Without exception, all these species were earth-based.

For a moment, Xu Ran’s expression grew a bit odd.

They say that wild Transcendent Beings tend to get along better with other Transcendent Beings of the same Attribute, and today he had witnessed this firsthand.

It looked like the other species the Ground Raccoon had mentioned were likely to be Earth Attribute as well.

“Cha!” (Hello, everyone!)

Seeing so many Earth Attribute wild Transcendent Beings, Cancan’s face also filled with a sense of novelty and excitement.

From these Extraordinary Creatures of the same Attribute, it felt a closeness and warmth, along with a subtle resonance that only those of the Earth Attribute could understand.

Seeing Cancan, whose strength had reached the General Level, the other Extraordinary Creatures were first taken aback, becoming subconsciously restrained.

However, after getting familiar with the introductions by the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader and Earthy Rat Clan Leader, they quickly became comfortable and started interacting familiarly with Cancan.

And throughout this process, they also did not neglect Star and Ziyun.

The Earth Lustrous, which resembled a round and translucent dirt-hued Night Pearl with two lively eyes inside, rolled on the ground towards Ziyun. After a slight shake, it showed its goodwill in its own way.

Looking at the round shape and small body of Earth Lustrous, Ziyun’s eyes gradually brightened.

In that moment, it forgot the unfriendliness of the area’s environment, hurriedly pounced forward, holding the Earth Lustrous in its arms, pawing at it, a satisfied smile spreading across its face.

“This one is nice, fun~”

Earth Lustrous: “…”

It wiggled slightly in Ziyun’s arms, and realizing it couldn’t escape the devil’s clutches, it quickly calmed down and resigned itself to its fate.

Watching this scene, Xu Ran couldn’t help but give a wry, muted laugh.

Earth Lustrous is a very special kind of earth attribute Transcendent Being, their bodies, just like a Night Pearl, are completely made up of earth yuan.

The biggest characteristic of these Transcendent Beings is their extreme laziness.

They can bury themselves in the soil and, by absorbing earth attribute power from the soil, stay still for years at a time.

Even more exaggerated, some have never moved from their birthplace until their death.

At this moment, this Earth Lustrous was probably the same.

Held by a terrifying Pet Beast that could easily tear it apart anytime, it couldn’t be bothered to struggle more.

Seeing that Ziyun made no other move, just occasionally toying with it using her paw pads, Xu Ran also made no move to stop them.

Just let the two of them play.

I believe both Ziyun and Earth Lustrous are enjoying this process.

Following that, Xu Ran turned his gaze to another side.

Next to Star, stood a Human-shaped Pet Beast about one meter tall.

It had facial features similar to humans, but its appearance showed brown-grey, bark-like wrinkles; it was clothed in a bamboo-woven garment and wore a straw hat on its head, holding a wooden walking stick in its hand.

Earth System Lead Species, Withered Wood Elder.

This species is known as “The Wise Ones of the Earth attribute,” and their three Two stars Skills and one One Star Skill are all non-attack type Skills, each with extremely high utility.

Their experienced-looking exteriors correspond to their sharp insight into the outside world and their ability to think critically.

At this moment, this strong Withered Wood Elder was softly communicating with Star, occasionally tapping his walking stick twice on the ground rapidly, a yellow-green glow flashing by.

It was his Talent Two stars Skill, Wood Grain Secret Language.

This Skill is similar to sending a telegraph, with no effect for a single Transcendent Being, but once the number of Transcendent Beings using it increases, it could lead to a qualitative change.

Now, the Withered Wood Elder was communicating with Star while simultaneously using Wood Grain Secret Language to connect with his distant kin.

“Lur~”

After a brief exchange and getting to know each other, the Ground Raccoon turned its gaze toward the Withered Wood Elder, with a hint of inquiry.

“Ka~”

The Withered Wood Elder nodded slightly and lifted his walking stick, indicating that he had already sent the message of Ground Raccoon Clan Leader and Xu Ran’s arrival to his own clan.

“Sashas!”@@novelbin@@

The Sand Dragon Monster let out an excited shriek, lowering its massive body as hundreds of legs extended simultaneously, gesturing for everyone to climb aboard.

This was an earth-based Transcendent Being resembling a centipede, with quite impressive Defense abilities and also high mobility. Its rock-brown exoskeleton gave an impression of coldness and strength.

At this moment, this strong Withered Wood Elder was softly communicating with Star, occasionally tapping his walking stick twice on the ground rapidly, a yellow-green glow flashing by.

It was his Talent Two stars Skill, Wood Grain Secret Language.

This Skill is similar to sending a telegraph, with no effect for a single Transcendent Being, but once the number of Transcendent Beings using it increases, it could lead to a qualitative change.

Now, the Withered Wood Elder was communicating with Star while simultaneously using Wood Grain Secret Language to connect with his distant kin.

“Lur~”

After a brief exchange and getting to know each other, the Ground Raccoon turned its gaze toward the Withered Wood Elder, with a hint of inquiry.

“Ka~”

The Withered Wood Elder nodded slightly and lifted his walking stick, indicating that he had already sent the message of Ground Raccoon Clan Leader and Xu Ran’s arrival to his own clan.

“Sashas!”

The Sand Dragon Monster let out an excited shriek, lowering its massive body as hundreds of legs extended simultaneously, gesturing for everyone to climb aboard.

This was an earth-based Transcendent Being resembling a centipede, with quite impressive Defense abilities and also high mobility. Its rock-brown exoskeleton gave an impression of coldness and strength.