Chapter 508: 286: Beast Emperor'S Well_2

Chapter 508: Chapter 286: Beast Emperor’s Well_2

Its owner was the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader.

“Lū~”

Having ended the opening act and sitting in the audience like everyone else, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader cast a resolute glance at the Clan Leader of the Rocky Creatures before turning his gaze toward Xu Ran onstage.

He believed that the problem of the Rocky Creatures was not an issue for Xu Ran.

And indeed, it was so.

After using a Washing and Protection brush to preliminarily clean the surface of the Rocky Creature’s body, Xu Ran took out a special long brush that looked like a feather duster but with very thin metal wires in the middle of the long bristles to hold them in place, capable of easily reaching deep into crevices for cleaning.

In the midst of the Rocky Creature’s utterly content expression, Xu Ran slowly inserted the long brush into the articulation gap of the creature’s wrist and then gently brushed along the direction of the gap.

In an instant, the Rocky Creature’s eyes widened dramatically.

Although its body was made of rock, its sense of touch was not diminished in the slightest. On the contrary, it was even more keenly aware of its surroundings thanks to its rocky exterior.

Just like at this moment, it could clearly feel a thick layer of grime that had been quiet in the joint crevice for a long time being swept away instantly by Xu Ran’s brush, much like autumn winds blowing away the fallen leaves.

The physical feedback couldn’t be wrong; the Rocky Creature felt as if it had suddenly become lighter. The cleaned areas itched slightly because of the fine bristles, and an unprecedented sense of satisfaction flooded its heart.

Its expression became even more content, its rigid body starting to tremble unconsciously, while a strange and short sound was squeezed out of its mouth.

“Mmm~~”

—————–

“Done~”

With adept skills, Xu Ran swiftly completed the Washing and Protection for the seven Rocky Creatures.

The already lively seven Rocky Creatures, feeling an unprecedented lightness and relaxation in their bodies, became joyously animated. Before even leaving the stage, they had already started to play with each other.

Seeing the stark contrast in the seven Rocky Creatures before and after their Washing and Protection, the countless Transcendent Beings sitting below fell silent for a moment. But after that, they looked towards Xu Ran with burning enthusiasm.

Having performed Washing and Protection for two completely different species with such effective results, Xu Ran’s capabilities were fully convincing to those present.

So next…

Clan leaders of various species rubbed their hands in anticipation.

They had already made preparations, ready to seek out this human named Xu Ran for Washing and Protection after the celebration was over!

—————–

Once all the clan groups’ young members had finished their carefully prepared debut presentations, the first part of the ceremony concluded.@@novelbin@@

Under the rallying cry of the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, the various clans began to hop and howl around the stage, creating such a lively scene that it even attracted many species already living in the Monster Wooden Domain Core Area to come and watch.

The three little ones, initially somewhat restrained, also gradually integrated into this warm atmosphere, eventually joining in the jumping and howling with the other wild Transcendent Beings as if they were one of them.

And Xu Ran became incredibly popular all of a sudden.

Clan leaders of various species approached him, each with the same requests.

They hoped that Xu Ran could perform Washing and Protection for the other members of their clans.

For such a request, Xu Ran naturally had no reason to refuse.

After giving them the address of Starfire Foster Care Shop, he quickly received reservations from more than a dozen species.

Luckily, the Washing and Protection work had already been handed over to the system staff, so there was nothing for him to worry about.

Let the system staff take care of the hard work.

When the second part of the ceremony also came to an end, the interesting celebration concluded, and evening approached.

Xu Ran, who had originally planned to explore the Monster Wooden Domain aimlessly, changed his itinerary for the day because of his encounter with the Ground Raccoon. Fortunately, this change was very worthwhile.

Throughout the day, not only did he learn about the secrets of the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu, witness the sights of the Monster Wooden Domain Core Area, but he also took part in the lively festival.

“Lū?”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader walked up to Xu Ran and quietly asked him a question.

“You’re asking when I’ll be going back?” Xu Ran paused a bit, “Soon, but before I go, there’s one more thing I want to do.”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader didn’t speak, but a few more questions appeared in his eyes.

“How did you used to call out to the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu?” Xu Ran suddenly asked with a smile, “I want to try and see if I can get a response.”

“Lū~”

Hearing Xu Ran’s idea, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader sighed, shook his head helplessly.

A response from Sky-touching Mysterious Wood?

That’s too difficult, far too difficult.

Over the years, it had tried countless times, each ending in failure.

Looking into Xu Ran’s determined eyes, the Earth Raccoon’s heart softened a bit.

Oh well, what harm would there be in letting them try?

“Loo~”

The Earth Raccoon pointed in a certain direction and then walked ahead of Xu Ran and the three pets to lead the way.

Unlike the typical fickle temperament of a Beast Emperor, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, though also a Beast Emperor, was extremely amiable.

When it first established the Monster Wooden Domain, it even purposely set up a few special areas to facilitate the creatures within the domain to seek its help.

Now the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood rarely responded to calls, but those special areas had withstood the test of time for hundreds of years without a single issue.

Under the guidance of the Earth Raccoon, a man and three pets soon arrived at one of these places.

It was a well situated within the forest.

Unlike the wells Xu Ran had in mind, its rim and inner walls were completely made of intertwined vines, with clear well water constantly bubbling out. Xu Ran tried scooping up a handful, finding it pleasantly cold.

What was more noteworthy was the vine on one side of the well’s rim.

This vine seemed to weave up from the well to reach the treetops, or rather the vines that hovered above the canopy fell straight down to the ground, eventually forming this well.

“Is this vine a branch of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood?” Xu Ran looked up curiously and couldn’t help asking, “How do we call out to it?”

“Loo~”

Looking at the familiar spot, the Earth Raccoon’s eyes revealed a touch of nostalgia. Upon hearing Xu Ran’s question, it raised both of its paws and began gesturing.

Xu Ran quickly understood.

“If we want to offer an item to the other party, should we just toss it directly into the well water?”

“If we seek assistance from the other party, should we just shout into the well?”

“Loo~”

The Earth Raccoon nodded rapidly then stepped back, giving space to Xu Ran and the three little ones.

Hastily deciding to attempt communication with the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, a man and three pets exchanged glances.

Quickly, Cancan courageously raised a paw to volunteer.

The Beast Emperor was of the Earth attribute, and Cancan was the same.

Logically and emotionally, it should have an easier time getting a response from the other party, right?

Ziyun and Star exchanged a glance and also thought Cancan made sense.

The Monster Wooden Domain was the Earth attribute’s territory, and Cancan was a pure Earth attribute creature.

“We could try,” Xu Ran nodded decisively.

The next moment, Cancan took a step forward, and its body size swelled with the wind.

Returning to its original size was not enough; it also cast the magnifying state of Jiezimixu, pushing its strength higher and higher.

Dozens of meters… hundreds of meters… eventually surpassing a kilometer!

Cancan’s terrifying aura surged in every direction, and its mighty presence, nearing the King Stage, caused a slight commotion in the core area of the Monster Wooden Domain.

The Transcendent Beings living in the Shady Layer all looked in their direction, and many creatures in the Canopy Layer also peered down at the astonishingly large creature.

They noticed Cancan’s position as well, and for a moment, they all showed curious and interested looks.

Was this creature trying to summon the Beast Emperor?

And would the Beast Emperor respond?

Amidst the creatures’ speculation, Cancan, having expanded to its maximum size, slowly lowered its gigantic head towards the well, and then it opened its huge, terrifying mouth to let out a powerful shout that shook the surroundings.

“Chaa!!” (Beast Emperor wake up!!!)

Xu Ran: “…”

Ziyun: “…”

Star: “…”

Fair enough, this was so very Cancan.