Chapter 502 - 283 The Secrets Of The Sky-Touching Mysterious Wood_4

Chapter 502: Chapter 283 The Secrets of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood_4

On the body of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, one could still see wild Transcendent Beings moving within the range of the forest.

The phrase “a single tree forms a forest” became a reality on the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

Even Cancan, who expanded her body to the maximum using Jiezimixu, still found a great difference when comparing her body size with that of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

“Cha~” (It’s really so big…)

As Cancan expressed her amazement, a hint of anticipation surfaced on her face.

With each advancement, her own form had greatly increased in size.

After a few more advancements, would she be as big as this, or even bigger?

By that time, wouldn’t any opponent be reduced to mere debris under a swipe of her claw?@@novelbin@@

With this thought, Cancan couldn’t help but indulge in flights of fancy.

Xu Ran’s expression, too, carried astonishment as he turned to ask the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader beside him, “Has this Beast Emperor always been this large?”

“Loo~”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader pondered for a moment, then shook its head and gestured in the air.

“It’s been expanding every year up until now?” Upon hearing the Earth Raccoon’s answer, Xu Ran couldn’t help but click his tongue in amazement.

This Beast Emperor Sky-touching Xuanmu, was it still not satisfied with its current size?

It was actually still expanding and extending its body.

Could it be that it aspired to cover the entire Demon Wood Domain with its body?

At that thought, Xu Ran couldn’t help but crack a wry smile.

If that were really the case, the Beast Emperor’s size would have to grow dozens of times bigger at least.

That would be rather exaggerated.

“Loo~”

Different from Xu Ran’s astonishment, in the eyes of the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, a trace of concern and loss emerged.

“What’s wrong?” Sensing the other party’s emotions, Xu Ran couldn’t help but inquire, “Does the Beast Emperor’s body expand with side effects?”

Upon hearing this question, the Earth Raccoon hesitated slightly, then gestured again.

Combining the varying tones of “Loo Loo,” Xu Ran quickly understood the content it intended to communicate.

The enormous body of the Beast Emperor was not without its side effects.

When the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader first arrived at the Demon Wood Domain, which had only recently been established, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood stood merely a kilometer high. Its form was immense, but not nearly as exaggerated as it was now.

Back then, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood could respond to the requests of every Transcendent Being within the Demon Wood Domain.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader was well aware that the Earth Raccoon Group that came to this place at the time was very grateful for the protection of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, so every day they would give a portion of the collected resources and items to it.

In return, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood would always extend a branch to take these gifts and reciprocate with items of equal value to the Earth Raccoon Group.

When the Earth Raccoon Group faced trouble, seeking help from the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood always resulted in a prompt resolution.

However, as the body of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood gradually expanded, all this began to change.

The frequency with which the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood responded to other beings’ calls started to decrease.

What used to be a response every time turned into a response only once after several calls, and eventually, it became almost impossible to get a response.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, who had experienced the entire change, knew very well that it was not because the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood no longer wished to respond and help other beings.

It was simply unable to do so.

Clearly, this was the consequence of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s expansion in size.

The colossal body made its perception of the outside world become dull.

Now, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood was even unable to sustain the natural production of Mystical Wood Dew.

If it continued to expand, the eventual outcome of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood might be…

“Cha…” (How scary.)

Cancan couldn’t help but shrink her head back.

If this was the cost of becoming larger, then she didn’t want to grow any further!

“You won’t end up like that,” Xu Ran gently stroked its head, comforting her, “The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood forcibly expanded its body to a ridiculous extent that its own strength couldn’t cover, that’s why it ended up like this.”

“Your growth in size is natural with each Growth stage, this is your original body type, so such a problem won’t occur.”

“Cha~” (That’s a relief.)

Cancan let out a heavy sigh of relief, her face filled with a touch of gratitude.

She had thought that if she continued to grow, she would end up like the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

After consoling Cancan, Xu Ran turned his head to look at the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader.

He had understood the problem with the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, combining his own understanding of tree-like Extraordinary Creatures with the description from the Earth Raccoon.

But there was still one very important issue.

“Doesn’t the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself feel that there’s a problem?” Xu Ran asked, puzzled, “If it wants to, it should be able to control its body to stop expanding, or even shrink back to its original size, right?”

“Loo…”

Hearing Xu Ran’s question, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s eyes dimmed.

This question had naturally occurred to them as well.

About tens of years ago, when the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood could still sporadically respond to everyone, countless Transcendent species within the Demon Wood Domain gathered to discuss the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s issue.

In the end, representatives from various species were sent to call out to the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood together.

They wanted to attempt to persuade the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood to stop the behavior of expanding its body.

At that time, the current Ground Raccoon Clan Leader was not yet the Clan Leader of the group, but it happened to be the representative sent by the Earth Raccoon Group.

It had personally experienced that moment, and to this day, the memory was still vivid.

The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood responded to them.

Its attitude remained friendly, but it was resolute when facing the persuasion of representatives from various species.