Chapter 505 - 285: Newborn Baptism

Chapter 505: Chapter 285: Newborn Baptism

“Lulu?”

How do you feel about this location?

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader turned his head to look at Xu Ran, who had just set foot on solid ground, his eyes showing an inquisitive look.

On the way, Xu Ran had already shared his idea of performing the Washing and Protection service for each newly born member of the celebration crowd with the leaders of the various clans.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader and the Earthy Rat Clan Leader, who had dealt with Xu Ran on numerous occasions, naturally had no objections.

But other earth-based species who had little interaction with Xu Ran felt hesitant upon hearing that Xu Ran would perform a Washing and Protection service on the new members they highly valued.

Fortunately, with the enthusiastic recommendation and assurance of the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader and the Earthy Rat Clan Leader, such hesitation quickly dissipated.

Xu Ran’s plan for Washing and Protection eventually won everyone’s approval and gratitude.

And the spot chosen for Xu Ran’s Washing and Protection service was this earthy platform, built jointly by the Earth Extraordinary Creatures.

Now, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader was inquiring whether the platform was suitable for Xu Ran’s Washing and Protection service or if there needed to be any changes.

“This platform is very good, just a few minor adjustments will suffice,” Xu Ran smiled, briefly described the environment he needed for the Washing and Protection, and soon, an Earth attribute Pet Beast skilled in earth manipulation swiftly completed the necessary adjustments to the platform.

“Lulu~”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader gesticulated a few times at Xu Ran, then waved his hand and, leading the other Clan Leaders, turned and left.

Xu Ran understood what the other party meant.

There was still some time before the celebration began, and during this time, he was free to look around.

“Let’s go, let’s greet these Earth Extraordinary Creatures,” noticing that there were quite a few wild Extraordinary Creatures whom he hadn’t met before coming and going, Xu Ran relaxed and turned his head to the three little ones.

“Cha~” (Make friends!)

Cancan’s eyes lit up, repeatedly nodding its head.

It loved making new friends the most!

“Xi Lu~” (Let’s go.)

Star emitted a sharp call, a look of interest flashing in its eyes.

The Withered Wood Elder they had spoken with earlier possessed the same penchant for thought as it did, and their enjoyable conversation made Star feel differently about the earth-based species.

Initially, it thought all earth-based species were as headstrong and straightforward as Cancan.

“Cha… Achoo!”

Cancan couldn’t help but sneeze, looking around in confusion.

What was going on?

Could it be that someone was thinking about it?

Cancan couldn’t help but turn to look at its friends, as Star shifted its head guiltily away.

“Meow!” (Let’s go!)

Ziyun reluctantly let go of the Earth Lustrous Clan Leader it had been holding in its arms, but without much regret on its face.

It had seen many equally interesting beings among these wild Extraordinary Creatures and was eager to get close to them.

One human and three Pet Beasts quickly mingled into the Beast Swarm, surrounded by a group of young and curious wild Extraordinary Creatures.

“Gudu?”

The first to approach was a small creature covered with earthy yellow fur, resembling a fuzzy ball; its eyes, hidden beneath its fur, furtively sized up the human and the three beasts, as if to ascertain the identity of the human before them.

“Asbestos Dumpling, come here.”

Xu Ran immediately recognized the creature’s species, chuckled to himself, waved at it, and sat down on a big stone nearby.

The called Asbestos Dumpling’s fur exploded outwards, and then it rolled towards Xu Ran, bouncing at the end and landing on Xu Ran’s thigh.

Despite seeming light and fluffy, the weight it exerted on Xu Ran’s thigh was similar to that of a rock of equal size.

Fortunately, such weight was almost negligible for Xu Ran.

He stretched out his hand to skillfully hold the Asbestos Dumpling in place, then began to stroke its fur, quickly eliciting a series of soft cooing sounds from the creature.

Given the Asbestos Dumpling’s apparent willingness to cling to Xu Ran, it seemed like it had no intention of leaving any time soon.

Even Ziyun, seeing its brazen behavior, felt its paws itch with the urge to do something.

The other wild Extraordinary Creatures, who had merely come to crowd around but had not approached, began to sense Xu Ran’s goodwill from his actions towards the Asbestos Dumpling and grew more accepting of him.

They each came closer to Xu Ran and the three little ones, making various sounds, expressing their friendliness in their own ways.

Mixed in were all sorts of curious questions about Xu Ran, but understanding them completely was still somewhat difficult for him.

At times like this, Xu Ran would miss Twelve, who was far away in Beast Field 97.

If Twelve were here, the situation would undoubtedly be smoother.

“One at a time, don’t rush!”@@novelbin@@

Aware of the problem after Xu Ran spoke up, the little ones quickly nominated a small representative, a Withered Wood Elder whose strength was still at the Transcendent Stage, but whose appearance revealed signs of old age.

“Gu Sou~”

The Withered Wood Elder handled a wooden walking stick in its hands. It had eight fingers, but they were as nimble as a human’s, rapidly gesturing in the air.

It was unclear where this little Withered Wood Elder had learned so many human gestures, but combining them with its varied tones of voice, Xu Ran soon understood its meaning.

With the help of this little translator, Xu Ran patiently answered the little ones’ questions about things like “what human cities are like” and “whether human food is tasty.”