Chapter 514: 289

Chapter 514: Chapter 289

“Indeed,” Xu Ran did not deny, “for the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, I must participate if it involves something I desire.”

“Okay,” Li Tutu nodded and then suddenly had an idea with some anticipation, “Boss Xu, are you planning to hang around the Monster Wooden Marketplace today?”

“That’s the plan,” Xu Ran nodded with a smile, “When I think about it, it was only the first day that I properly browsed the Monster Wooden Marketplace after arriving at Monster Wooden City.”

“It’s a rare opportunity today, so I’ll take another look.”

“Then let me be your guide again,” Li Tutu spoke loudly, “I’ll take you to places we didn’t visit last time.”

“That would be nice,” Xu Ran did not refuse the kind offer, “Then I’ll trouble you.”

“No trouble at all,” Li Tutu nodded without hesitation. Seeing Xu Ran getting ready to transfer some Beast Master Points on his phone, he quickly shook his head, “No need for money this time.”

“No money?” Xu Ran paused mid-motion, looking at Li Tutu in surprise.

“Mmhmm!” Li Tutu nodded emphatically, not giving a reason but skillfully navigating past the bustling crowd of the marketplace, leading Xu Ran down a small path.

A moment later, they had taken a shortcut and arrived at a new area of the Monster Wooden Marketplace they hadn’t reached before.

“This is another area of the Monster Wooden Marketplace known as the Contract Area,” Li Tutu introduced while leading the way, “As the name suggests, this is where human Beast Masters and wild Transcendent Beings make agreements with each other.”

“There’s a dedicated area?” Xu Ran’s interest was piqued upon hearing Li Tutu’s explanation, “So, what’s the difference between the contracts here and usual contracts?”

“Of course, there’s a difference, and not a small one,” Li Tutu paused briefly, pointing at an outdoor stall, “Look over there, Boss Xu.”

Following Li Tutu’s pointing finger, Xu Ran saw a somewhat funny scene.

A human Beast Master was sitting in front of a snack booth, but he wasn’t eating; there was no food from the booth in front of him. Instead, his mouth was constantly moving, as if he was saying something.

In front of the little Earth round bear seated across from him, however, there were all kinds of food, and it was heartily eating with great gusto, clearly feeling festive and pleased from a distance.

Next to the little Earth round bear, there were two much stronger Earth round bears just standing by, not intervening but silently watching the small Earth round bear eat merrily and listening to the words of the human Beast Master.

Observing such an unusual scene, a few notes of surprise appeared on Xu Ran’s face, “Those two Earth round bears look like the parents of that little one?”

“What’s going on with that human Beast Master? Is the little Earth round bear his Pet Beast?”

“That’s the difference in the Contract Pet Beast process in the Contract Area I was telling you about,” Tutu chuckled, “If everything’s as usual, that human Beast Master has yet to form a contract with the little Earth round bear.”

“He’s in the process of trying and seeking approval.”

“Buying all that food for the little Earth round bear is a way to increase its favorability towards him.”

“The Monster Wooden Marketplace’s Contract Area was set apart some time after the marketplace was established,” Li Tutu indicated the surroundings, “There’re normal services catering to the needs of humans and Pet Beasts for food, drink, play, and enjoyment.”

“But the core of everything here is aimed at creating contracts.”

“Wild Transcendent Beings who are willing to let the young members of their species contract with human Beast Masters can bring the young ones here.”@@novelbin@@

“Because wild Transcendent Beings tend to be stronger than the domestically bred Pet Beast individuals, there are quite a few Beast Masters eager to contract with them.”

“Beast Masters with contracting needs come here, make their selections based on the type of Pet Beast they want, and then attempt to form a contract.”

“However, since wild Transcendent Beings have families and tribes, to contract with them, you need not only the individual Pet Beast’s consent but also the approval of its family group,” Tutu paused for emphasis, “So, it’s essential to show sincerity.”

“Entertaining the Contract Pet Beast and its tribe with food and fun is the usual way to show sincerity.”

“This…” Xu Ran’s expression turned amused.

Why does it sound like a matchmaking event?

“Look, that Beast Master has succeeded,” Li Tutu suddenly spoke up, pointing to the same Beast Master who had been treating the Earth round bear to food.

The two previously inactive large Earth round bears started to take food from the table, just like the small one, and began to eat.

And the Beast Master, whose expression had been somewhat tense, after observing this development, visibly relaxed, his smile deepening.

“Is that considered a success?” Xu Ran was curious.

Does the young Contract Pet Beast’s tribe accepting the food indicate success?

What’s the custom behind this?

“Most wild Transcendent Beings don’t go for much roundabout commotion, their ways of expressing emotions are much more straightforward,” Tutu explained with a smile, “If they didn’t approve of the Beast Master, they wouldn’t eat his food.”

“Because accepting food implies the need to reciprocate the kindness.”

“I see,” Xu Ran nodded, having grasped the concept following Li Tutu’s explanation.

The next moment, the table, fully laden with food, was rapidly emptied by the voracious eating of the three Earth round bears, and the smiling Beast Master stood up, leaving with the three bears in tow.