Chapter 512: 288: New Clues To Extinct Thunder Attraction! The Next Target!_2

Chapter 512: Chapter 288: New Clues to Extinct Thunder Attraction! The Next Target!_2

“Xi Lu~” (It’s in the southwest direction.)

Star, standing by, had a glint in his eye as he looked up at the sky, quickly determining the direction they were heading.

“Meow?” (Does that mean we’re on the right track?)

Excitement filled Ziyun’s eyes.

Since hearing from the Azure Hawk Beast King that it knew of the Extinct Thunder Attraction, that excitement had never left its eyes.

“It seems our previous guesses were not wrong,” said Xu Ran, reaching deep into his bosom where the drawings that recorded clues about the Extinct Thunder Attraction, found within the Thunder Dragon Stone, were kept.

After lightly touching it to confirm that the drawings were still on his person, Xu Ran spoke softly, “Senior Azure Hawk, where do we need to go?”

“Screech~”

“The place we’re going to is outside the Monster Wooden Domain.”

The Azure Hawk Beast King let out a sharp yet friendly sound and started to recount slowly while they were flying.

“As you know, the world outside the Monster Wooden Domain is not so peaceful. Transcendent Beings slaughter each other, and they are hostile towards humans as well.”

“Before I met the Beast Emperor, I too was one of them.”

“I was already tired of such killing, so the Monster Wooden Domain deeply attracted me, and I have long considered myself a part of the Monster Wooden Domain.”

“Every once in a while, I would leave the Monster Wooden Domain and wander around nearby areas to see if there were other Transcendent Beings in the same situation that needed help, bringing them back into the Monster Wooden Domain.”

Xu Ran nodded in understanding.

Poaching talent—he got it.

“About a year ago, I was wandering through the area I’m about to take you to,” reminisced the Azure Hawk Beast King, a hint of memory in its eyes, “when, unexpectedly, I came upon a confrontation between two Beast Kings.”

“Both of these Beast Kings were Thunder Beast Kings, and they seemed to be fighting over some resources, ending up in a fierce battle.”

“Because I interrupted by accident, they seemed worried that they would both get hurt and I would benefit from it, so they quickly ceased fighting.”

The Azure Hawk Beast King paused slightly in its speech.

“I clarified my identity, and the misunderstanding was resolved. Out of respect for the Beast Emperor, they spoke with me for a bit.”

“During our conversation, I learned of the cause of their struggle; they were indeed fighting over a very important piece of Thunder Resources.”

“That resource was called the Extinct Thunder Attraction.”

“So which of the two Beast Kings ended up with the Extinct Thunder Attraction in the end?” Xu Ran’s heart tightened, and his voice couldn’t help but become more anxious.

A year ago! Two Thunder Beast Kings!

Even if the two Beast Kings stopped their fight at the time due to the Azure Hawk Beast King’s interruption, it had been a year since then—a victor must have emerged, right?

If the one who obtained it had already started using that resource…

Thinking of that possibility, Xu Ran became anxious.

Next to him, Ziyun also looked more solemn than ever before.

This sounded like a big problem…

“No one got it,” smiled the Azure Hawk Beast King, “because according to them, the Extinct Thunder Attraction doesn’t appear immediately; it requires a certain opportunity, and what they were fighting over was the qualification to keep watch over this resource.”

“Eventually, after I advised them, the two Beast Kings decided to temporarily halt their fight and wait together for the Extinct Thunder Attraction to appear.”

“As of now, the Extinct Thunder Attraction probably hasn’t appeared yet,” the Azure Hawk Beast King turned back and looked at Xu Ran, “I will take you from afar to see the exact location of that place. If you also wish to compete for this resource, then it’ll be up to you.”

“…Okay,” Xu Ran nodded, his expression somewhat resigned.

So… if it hadn’t been for the Azure Hawk Beast King meddling, the Extinct Thunder Attraction would be guarded by a Thunder Beast King.

And now, it was being guarded together by two Beast Kings?

He couldn’t help but glance at Ziyun beside him.

Although one of the Evolution Conditions for Ziyun was to single-handedly defeat one Thunder Beast King and one Fighting Beast King,

clearly, it didn’t yet have the strength to contend with a Beast King at this moment.

Even with the power of its companions, it was doubtful they could handle one.

And the Guardians were two Beast Kings.

Fortunately, the Extinct Thunder Attraction had not yet appeared in the world at this moment.

He and the three little ones still had a chance to prepare.

Soon, the figure of the Azure Hawk Beast King was fixed in the void.

It flapped its wings and hovered in midair, its gaze directed at a certain spot ahead.

“We’ve arrived,”

“Any further, and those two Beast Kings would be able to detect my presence.”

“However, this should be close enough.”

“Thank you, senior,” Xu Ran nodded, followed the Azure Hawk Beast King’s gaze and looked ahead, then his pupils contracted slightly.

Indeed, as the Azure Hawk Beast King had said, this distance was already sufficient to see the location of the Extinct Thunder Attraction.@@novelbin@@

After all, it was far too conspicuous.

The gaze fell upon a small valley.

Completely different from the surrounding areas, this entire valley was dyed purple by the enshrouding Thunder Light.

From time to time, one or two mysterious and enigmatic symbols flashed by within the valley, and with each flash, purple-black exotic thunder would descend from the sky, thundering into the valley.

Yet, around the valley, the skies were clear for thousands of miles, utterly cloudless.

This exotic thunder arrived abruptly, unusually peculiar.

Piecing together the information he had gathered about the Extinct Thunder Attraction, Xu Ran’s eyes lit up in an instant.

That’s it!

Hidden within this valley was the Extinct Thunder Attraction!

Thankfully, this resource hadn’t yet been claimed.

Although the troubles that would follow were no small matter, at last they had a target and didn’t need to search around aimlessly like headless flies.

Beside him, Ziyun’s eyes gleamed the moment the purple-black exotic thunder appeared.

It could vaguely feel that the purple-black Thunderbolt had an immense attraction for it, and this attraction was not solely due to the incredibly strong Thunderforce it contained, but also because it held a special substance.

That substance bore some resemblance to the Power it used when executing Divine Punishment!

At this moment, a single thought dominated Ziyun’s mind.

To obtain it!

It absolutely must obtain it!

“Xi Lu~” (It seems like there is a human city over there.)

While Xu Ran and Ziyun were staring intently at the distant mountain peak hiding the Extinct Thunder Attraction, Star’s gaze quickly shifted towards a city some distance away from the valley.

Even though from their line of sight the city was just a tiny point, being visible from this distance left no doubt that the scale of the city exceeded that of a 3 Level town; chances were it was a Second Level Town.

“Yes, I see it too.” Regaining his composure, Xu Ran also noticed the Second Level Town not far from the valley with Star’s guidance.

“Senior, do you know what that human city is called?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but point in the direction of the Second Level Town and ask.

“That’s a human Second Level Town called Bright Radiance City.” Without needing to look in that direction, the Azure Hawk Beast King already knew which one Xu Ran was referring to and shook its head slightly.

“I once tried to interact with the humans there, but unfortunately, they seemed to consider me just another Beast King from the Beast Field and nearly attacked me on the spot.”

“After all, senior’s strength is formidable; in the eyes of humans outside of the Monster Wooden Domain, the threat is significant.” Xu Ran chuckled while quietly noting down the name.

Bright Radiance City, huh…

In just an instant, two figures popped into his mind.

The owners of the Hundred Flowers Foster Store and Lanhe Foster Care Store in Monster Wooden City seemed to hail from Bright Radiance City.

It seemed that…

After returning to Monster Wooden City, it was essential to pay a visit to these two.