Chapter 517: 290: New Evolution Path And New Four-Star Skills! (Happy New Year To Everyone!)

Chapter 517: Chapter 290: New Evolution Path and New Four-Star Skills! (Happy New Year to Everyone!)

With the addition of the third Foster Shop in Monster Wooden City, Xu Ran’s Pleasure value earnings increased by a substantial amount.

Before the start of this resource allocation, his total Pleasure value had already broken through the million mark.

This allowed Xu Ran to perform ten consecutive draws of ten for the first time.

Although there was still no guarantee, with the blessing of the Lucky Fish aura from the three Lucky Fish, he successfully drew the items he wanted.

The number of Skill fusion stones reached triple digits for the first time, totaling 128 pieces.

With this number of Skill fusion stones, he could successfully achieve three Four Star Skills if things went smoothly.

There were a total of fourteen purple items: six were Three Star Skill Scrolls, five were Talent Skills fusion stones that he could not use for the time being, and the last three were Meditation Acceleration Cards.

Three cards at once, enough to renew three months’ worth of Meditation acceleration.

What made Xu Ran happiest was the two Red Items he obtained under his outstanding luck.

The first was an Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card.

Just one month had passed since he first obtained it, and this renewal came just at the right time.

With it, Xu Ran was confident that he could break through the Fifth Stage contract power within the next month or two, and achieve King Level Beast Master status.

As for the second, it was also a familiar item to Xu Ran.

The Emperor Species Evolution Route.

Its importance was self-evident.

While obtaining the Evolution Path was just the beginning, and neither collecting Evolution Materials nor satisfying the proper Evolution Conditions were easy tasks, everything would be mere talk without the Evolution Path.

Xu Ran’s gaze couldn’t help but sweep over Star and Cancan.

He wondered who would ultimately receive this Evolution Path.

“Huala~”

Efficiently dragging out the blackboard, Xu Ran wrote all the resources on it, excluding the two kinds of Meditation Acceleration Cards.

As expected, upon seeing the last line of the list written on the board with its glaringly large characters, the eyes of both Star and Cancan lit up at the same time.

“That’s right, today we will have another partner obtaining an Evolution Route,” Xu Ran said with a smile. “You decide among yourselves who will get it.”

“Xi Lu~” (I hope to prepare for evolution first.)

Star let out a whinny, looking towards Cancan.

Now was not the time to be modest.

In a situation where both Ziyun and Cancan had already acquired Four Star Skills, it, the only one without Four Star Skills, was already one step behind.

If it allowed Cancan to evolve first, then it would be even more behind.

Although the Emperor Species Evolution Route would certainly be acquired again in the future, it did not want to wait any longer.

The nightmare it experienced while searching for the Thunder Dragon Stone once again surfaced in Star’s mind.

Although it had been fake, it did not want to lag behind its companions anymore!

Confronted with Star’s resolute gaze, a trace of conflict and hesitation surfaced in Cancan’s golden eyes.

Without a doubt, it desired the Evolution Path.@@novelbin@@

But… it also understood that Star needed the Evolution Path more than it did.

Moreover, according to the order in which they joined the team, it should be Star’s turn now.

The Emperor Evolution Path would be available again in the future.

Perhaps during the next resource allocation, there would be a new Evolution Path, right?

With this thought, the conflict in Cancan’s eyes gradually dissipated.

“Cha…” (Then you go first.)

“Xi Lu!” (Thank you!)

Star let out an exhilarated whinny and then turned its gaze to Xu Ran.

Their internal negotiation was completed, and it was now time to reveal the Evolution Path.

For a moment, Star’s heart was filled with nervous emotion.

Ziyun’s Emperor Species Evolution Path remained fresh in its memory to this day.

In that Evolution Path, not only was the collection of Evolution Materials significantly more challenging than the King Species Evolution Route, but there were also more stringent Evolution Conditions to meet.

Besides that, the Leader Stage Ziyun even had to kill two King Stage Extraordinary Beings on its own.

If its own Evolution Path were like this…

Would it truly be able to achieve it?

“So, you’re still choosing the highest potential of six stars, right?”

Hearing Xu Ran’s inquiry, it was the first time hesitation and conflict appeared in Star’s eyes.

Six Star potential almost always corresponded with Six Star Evolution Difficulty.

And if the other Six Star Evolution Difficulties also had requirements like defeating King Level beings…

For the first time, Star entertained the thought of choosing a slightly lesser Evolution Path.

Having the good fortune to evolve into the Emperor Species was already an extremely lucky event, so why push itself too hard…

No sooner had this thought surfaced than it became incessant in its mind.

“Meow!” (Of course, choose six stars!)

Seeing its companion’s hesitation, Ziyun jumped onto Star’s head without hesitation, raising its paw to give Star a tap.

What is this guy thinking?

“Cha~” (Exactly.)

Cancan, standing beside, chimed in.

If you’re going to choose, choose the best!

Otherwise, wouldn’t it be a waste of the chance it had struggled so much to give up?

“Xi Lu~” (Alright.)

Seemingly awakened by the words of the two little ones, Star vigorously shook its head to dispel the earlier thoughts.

To catch up with the others, not even the slightest deficit would do!

Even if the Evolution Path contained similar requirements, it would surely find a way to cope!

Reinvigorated by this, Star’s amethyst-like eyes filled with determination once again. It looked up at Xu Ran and nodded slightly.

“Good,” Xu Ran nodded with a smile.

Xu Ran had seen Star’s earlier hesitation and conflict, and he clearly understood the concerns behind it.