Chapter 513: 289

Chapter 513: Chapter 289

Accompanied by a piercing screech, the Azure Hawk Beast King, with a wingspan of tens of meters and an aura of the King Stage swirling around its body, slightly retracted its wings and, like an arrow piercing through the clouds, its figure rapidly plunged from the high sky toward the earth.

Just as its body, which almost seemed to transform into a streak of azure light, was about to collide with the ground, the Azure Hawk Beast King swiftly spread its wings to the maximum.

Accompanied by a gust of wind that whipped up and stirred endless clouds of dust, its form instantly transitioned from motion to stillness and then gently touched down.

Xu Ran, with his three little pets, jumped down from the sturdy back of the Azure Hawk Beast King and looked at Monster Wooden City, which was within close reach, before turning to look at the Azure Hawk Beast King beside him, “Thank you for bringing us here, Senior.”

“Screech~”

With a screech, the Azure Hawk Beast King flapped its wings twice as if to say it was no big deal, then it soared high into the sky and vanished into the horizon in an instant.

It wasn’t until the Azure Hawk Beast King had departed that Ziyun, who had been immersed in excitement, finally spoke eagerly.

“Meow!” (We must get our paws on the Extinct Thunder Attraction!)

Even at this moment, the powerful aura of the Extinct Thunder Attraction still lingered in its mind, too potent to dissipate; and although they had not yet fully witnessed this resource, a glimpse was enough for Ziyun to know just how crucial it was.

It was a resource that they had to obtain, no matter what!

“Don’t worry, we will get it,” Xu Ran gently rubbed Ziyun’s head and glanced at the Sky-reaching Xuanmu of the Beast Emperor, visible from where they stood. “In a few more days, the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes will begin.”@@novelbin@@

“Once the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes is over and we get the Extreme Source Vein Crystal, it will be time for us to leave.”

“Xi Lu~” (Is it really time to leave?)

Star let out a whinny, a hint of reluctance in its eyes.

It seemed that Monster Wooden City would be the city where they stayed for the shortest amount of time.

But everything here had made a deep impression on them.

The thought of leaving made Star feel a sudden sense of unwillingness to go.

“Chah!” (The gate to the Monster Wooden Marketplace is right here, let’s visit the marketplace one more time!)

Cancan, who was beside them, looked at Star and suddenly suggested.

“That sounds good,” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

The place where the Azure Hawk Beast King had set them down was just right at the gate that opened to the Monster Wooden Marketplace from outside of the city.

Entering through this gate and crossing the marketplace would take them into the city.

Not counting the time of the Public Wash and Care Exhibition, it had been a while since Xu Ran and his three little ones had visited the Monster Wooden Marketplace.

Now, approaching evening, a stroll through the Monster Wooden Marketplace would be a perfect time to head back to their shop.

The man and his three pets quickly entered the gate to the marketplace, but they hadn’t gone far before they unexpectedly encountered a familiar figure.

“Li Tutu!” Xu Ran called out with a smile, waving to the other.

Li Tutu, who had just seen off a visitor, heard the voice and quickly turned to look, his eyes lighting up when he recognized the caller, then he jogged over.

“Boss Xu, what brings you here?”

“Went outside the city for a stroll today, just got back,” Xu Ran replied casually, then inquired, “How’s business lately?”

“It’s about the same as before,” Li Tutu said with a smile, “Every day, there are a few Beast Masters who come from other cities because they’ve heard about me. I’m one of the most familiar guides to the Monster Wooden Marketplace – there’s no one like me.”

At this, Li Tutu appeared quite proud, puffing out his chest.

“As a guide, you are indeed excellent,” Xu Ran nodded in agreement.

He still remembered how much Li Tutu’s assistance had helped him avoid many troubles during his first visit to the marketplace.

“What about you, Boss Xu? Why aren’t you managing your shop today and instead are out of the city?” Li Tutu chuckled, “I heard quite a few complaints from your customers at the marketplace today!”

“Complaints?” Xu Ran raised an eyebrow, “Is it dissatisfaction with our services?”

“Not at all,” Li Tutu shook his head, “They are very pleased with the service, but I heard quite a bit of grumbling about the new employee at your shop.”

“They say the new hire you’ve got is really strange.”

“Ah, about that…” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly, realizing he couldn’t continue on this subject, and quickly changed the topic, “Although the new staff might be strange, the service is still very good. They’re capable enough to run the shop after I’ve left.”

“Leaving?!” Li Tutu was indeed shocked by this more substantial piece of news, briefly forgetting his earlier question, “Boss Xu, are you going to leave Monster Wooden City?”

“Yes,” Xu Ran spread his hands, “you know that I’m not originally from Monster Wooden City. I came here at the invitation of the Monster Wooden City Beast Master Association to open a branch.”

“Mm-hmm, I knew that Boss Xu is from Xieyun City,” Li Tutu nodded.

“Well… not exactly… but let’s not dwell on that,” Xu Ran cleared his throat, “In any case, business in Monster Wooden City is on the right track now, and it’ll soon be time for me to leave and see other places.”

“So… after the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, you’ll be leaving Monster Wooden City?” Li Tutu suddenly recalled the first time he met Xu Ran when Xu Ran asked him about the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

Time-wise, the battle was about to start.

What Xu Ran had just mentioned about ‘in a while’ must be referring to that event.