Chapter 518: 290: New Evolution Path And New Four Star Skills! (Happy New Year To Everyone!)_2

Chapter 518: Chapter 290: New Evolution Path and New Four Star Skills! (Happy New Year to Everyone!)_2

However…

“Star” should be an auxiliary type of Pet Beast, so it should not be too bad, right?

Thinking this, Xu Ran didn’t hesitate to choose “Star” and used the Emperor Species Evolution Path he had just obtained.

[Evolution Path: Star God Horse (Dark) → Dark Star Horse (Dark)

Evolution Difficulty: ★★★☆☆☆

Evolution Potential: ★★★★☆☆]

[Evolution Path: Star God Horse (Dark) → Godlike Star Horse (Dark)

Evolution Difficulty: ★★★★☆☆

Evolution Potential: ★★★★☆☆]

[Evolution Path: …]

Discarding several evolution paths that looked impressive but did not reach six stars in Evolution Potential, Xu Ran’s gaze finally settled on the only one among the seventy or eighty paths that showed six stars in Evolution Potential.

Then, a surprised expression emerged on Xu Ran’s face.

[Evolution Path: Star God Horse (Dark) → Star Cloud Guardian (Dark)

Evolution Difficulty: ★★★★★☆

Evolution Potential: ★★★★★★]

This six-star potential evolution path actually did not have a six-star difficulty.

“Star, there’s some good news,” Xu Ran suddenly smiled. “Your evolution path only has a five-star difficulty, you know?”

While “Star”‘s expression changed from tense to joyful, Xu Ran did not hesitate to select the evolution path before him.

As the other evolution paths dimmed and disappeared, the chosen evolution path swiftly unfolded, revealing the detailed information below.

“Xi Lu…”

Star, excited, opened its mouth as if to ask for more details on its evolution path, but upon seeing Xu Ran’s gaze fixed on the void, it instinctively closed its mouth.

It knew Xu Ran must be looking at its Evolution Path at this moment.

And all it needed to do was wait.

Only five stars for Evolution Difficulty, huh…

A glimmer of excitement appeared in “Star”‘s eyes.

In this way, maybe it wouldn’t need to personally kill a King Stage Extraordinary Being?

Watching Xu Ran still maintaining his gaze, “Star” couldn’t help but lightly stomp its hooves.

Damn it, so anxious!

Meanwhile, Xu Ran had also seen “Star”‘s complete evolution path.

[Evolution Path: Star God Horse (Dark) → Star Cloud Guardian (Dark)

Evolution Difficulty: ★★★★★☆

Evolution Potential: ★★★★★★

Evolution Conditions:

1. Star God Horse has not broken through to King Stage

2. All Talent Skills of the Star God Horse must be upgraded to Four Stars before evolving, with at least three Skills having a connection to Star Power

3. All Talent Skills reach Violent Sun Level Proficiency

Evolution Materials: Town Star Stone (Main), Dawn Star Radiance (Main), Star Scar Night Light Stone (Main), Dark Emperor-Level Blood Essence (Main), Brilliant Gem (Main), Eternal Life Calamity Dew (Main)

Evolution Ritual:

1. Assist a Transcendent Being that has not reached King Stage in defeating a Dark King Level Extraordinary Being, obtaining its core resources as auxiliary Evolution Materials

2. Complete the evolution on a night of Star Cloud when the stars are reflected in the sky]

Having read through the entire evolution path, Xu Ran couldn’t help but stroke his chin.

When compared with Ziyun’s Emperor Species evolution path, he could almost understand why this evolution path only had a five-star difficulty.@@novelbin@@

Perhaps taking into account the Star God Horse’s auxiliary attributes, although “Star”‘s evolution ceremony still requires the killing of Extraordinary Beings as Evolution Materials, it does not need to do so alone or even as a primary participant.

It just needs to assist a General Stage Extraordinary Being in the killing.

With that, the room for maneuver became much more significant.

And what’s more, it was about killing one, not two.

Naturally, the difficulty would be considerably lowered.

However…

Although the Evolution Ritual was less challenging, “Star”‘s Evolution Conditions and Evolution Materials were still not simple.

Let’s talk about Evolution Conditions first.

Similar to Ziyun’s, aside from all Talent Skills reaching Four Stars and Proficiency Level reaching Violent Sun Level, there is an additional skill requirement.

At least three skills must be connected to Star Power.

This requirement is even more abstract than Ziyun’s Evolution Conditions.

Ziyun’s conditions included the explicit requirement that four skills be of Thunder Attribute and Fighting Attribute – a very clear demand.

But Star Power is a somewhat ethereal thing.

What kind of skills are considered to be connected to Star Power?

And “Star”‘s Evolution Materials are likewise not straightforward.

Compared to Ziyun, it even has one more Principal Material.

However, there was some good news as well.

Xu Ran’s gaze moved to the third Evolution Material listed: The Star Scar Night Light Stone.

This item was another reward from the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

It was, in a manner of speaking, fortuitous.

“Xi Lu?” (How is it going?)

“Star”‘s slightly anxious voice brought Xu Ran back to reality.

Looking at the three little ones, all with tense expressions, Xu Ran took a deep breath, “For ‘Star”s evolution, there’s no need to personally kill a King Stage Extraordinary Being.”

“Xi Lu~” (That’s such a relief~)

“Star” let out a great sigh of relief.

Now that its biggest worry was no more, everything else was not an issue.

“According to ‘Star”s Evolution Ritual requirements, it only needs to assist a Transcendent Being that has not reached King Stage in killing a Dark King Level Extraordinary Being.”

“Meow~” (Leave it to me! What’s one more Divine Punishment~)

Ziyun waved its paw dismissively as it spoke.

To complete its own evolution ritual, it already needed to use Divine Punishment twice. What was one more time?