Chapter 511: 288: New Clues To Extinct Thunder Attraction! The Next Target!

Chapter 511: Chapter 288: New Clues to Extinct Thunder Attraction! The Next Target!

“`

Just as Xu Ran was about to have an epiphany and opened his mouth, preparing to strike while the iron was hot by asking about other matters, a sharp cry came from the side.

“Cree~”

“Humans, may I have a few words with the Beast Emperor?”

Unlike the calm and majesty from before, the voice of the King Stage Azure Hawk now carried urgency and a hint of appeal.

Unlike Xu Ran, who was immersed in the Beast Emperor’s answers, the Azure Hawk clearly sensed that after answering the second question, the Beast Emperor’s thoughts had grown tired.

If Xu Ran continued to ask questions, perhaps after the next one, the Beast Emperor’s presence would fade, and this session of responses would come to an end.

And it would miss the rare moments of the Beast Emperor’s lucidity.

But the Azure Hawk also knew that its request was somewhat preposterous.

After all, the Beast Emperor had awakened to respond to the human before it, not to itself.

So, it was willing to offer Xu Ran a certain compensation.

And this compensation, after hearing the two questions Xu Ran had asked the Beast Emperor, it already had an idea.

“Cree~”

“Regarding Extinct Thunder Attraction, I’ve heard some things…”

“Please go ahead, Elder!” Almost the instant the Azure Hawk spoke these words, Xu Ran quickly stepped back several steps, yielding his place at the mouth of the well to it.

The two questions he was most eager to ask had already been asked, and any further questions were not so critical.

Who could have imagined that the Azure Hawk Beast King might have a lead on something even the Beast Emperor did not know? The situation had taken an unexpected turn.

However, it made sense, considering the Azure Hawk Beast King was a Bird Pet Beast, a Transcendent Being with a greater range of activity and broader experience, while the Beast Emperor had recently been in prolonged silence, detached from worldly affairs.

The Azure Hawk cast a grateful glance at Xu Ran, not bothering to say more, eagerly taking advantage of the Beast Emperor’s presence before it dissipated and began to emit a series of earnest cries.

Under its careful control, the meaning behind these cries remained unknowable to any other being; this was a conversation solely between it and the Beast Emperor.

The Beast Emperor quickly transmitted a thought solely to it, and though the content was unknown, from the Azure Hawk’s near-tearfully joyful demeanor, it was evident that its purpose in communicating had been achieved.

As the Azure Hawk Beast King had expected, even though the Beast Emperor’s presence briefly roused, it could not maintain for a prolonged period, and soon, the presence began to wilt before quickly dissipating.

From the satisfied expression of the Azure Hawk Beast King, it was apparent that it had received the answers it sought.

Having taken one last look at the Beast Emperor’s Well, the Azure Hawk Beast King, in high spirits, waved its wings at Xu Ran and the three little ones.

“Cree~”

“Human boy, come aboard, I’ll take you to find the Extinct Thunder Attraction.”

Originally, it had only intended to inform Xu Ran of the lead.

But now, it planned to express its gratitude for the precious opportunity Xu Ran had given up with more tangible actions.

“Thank you so much, Elder,” said Xu Ran gratefully, with a smile, quickly stepping forward and leaping onto the Azure Hawk’s broad back.

Ziyun and Star followed closely behind, and the last to join was Cancan, whose body size had rapidly shrunk to a portable scale.

Even the Azure Hawk Beast King couldn’t help but glance back at Cancan as it boarded, as its impressively large body type from earlier had made a deep impression, and it had not expected the actual weight to be so light.

“Elder Ground Raccoon, I’ll be leaving with Elder Azure Hawk first! Thank you so much for today!”

Xu Ran waved to the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader below, and soon, he and the three little ones tightly grasped the long feathers behind the Azure Hawk.

Once all a human and three beasts were seated, the Azure Hawk issued a piercing cry, flapped its wings forcefully—the overwhelming presence of the Beast King Level unfolded, stirring up tumultuous winds, and it soared into the sky.

Like a streak of azure light across the sky, the Azure Hawk carried a human and three beasts away in a direct line.

“Lur~”

Quite a smooth journey!

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader waved in the direction Xu Ran and the Azure Hawk had departed, silently sending his blessings before nodding to the other creatures gathered there and turning to leave.

With the tribal festival concluded, there was still much for it to do.@@novelbin@@

Meanwhile, high in the sky, the human and three beasts experienced something quite extraordinary.

Originally, they had thought their flight experience would be unpleasant at the terrifying speed of the Azure Hawk Beast King.

But the reality was quite different.

An invisible pale azure Light film constantly surrounded the body of the Azure Hawk Beast King, quietly dissolving the oncoming winds so that even at such speeds, they could not reach Xu Ran and the three little ones at all.

Wind attribute Two stars Skills, Wind Stabilization.

Not all Wind Pet Beasts adept at high-speed flight possess this skill, but those that do are the most suited for riding.

The current Azure Hawk Beast King was one such beast.

Of course, Xu Ran dared not even think of contracting it.

However, it reminded him of the Nightmare Beast King, also a Bird Pet Beast, and then, of Little Shier.

Xu Ran remembered that before meeting Little Shier, he had contemplated contracting a Bird Pet Beast so that he could ride the great bird soaring through the sky in the future.

Now, his dream of a Bird Pet Beast had come true, albeit only halfway.

Expecting Little Shier to fly with him was simply too demanding.

Considering this, Xu Ran, seated on the back of the Azure Hawk Beast King, couldn’t help but chuckle to himself.

Then, settling his mind, he began to observe the surrounding environment.

“`