Chapter 515: 289

Chapter 515: Chapter 289

“`

“Next, they’re going to sign the contract,” Li Tutu said, withdrawing his gaze from the fading figure of the man with three beasts and smiling, “Let’s go, Boss Xu, and see what else there is.”@@novelbin@@

“Sure,” Xu Ran nodded, following Li Tutu deeper into the contract area.

Along the way, he saw many successful contract cases, but also Beast Masters who, because of their rudeness, failed to secure a contract and instead were beaten up by the relatives of the Contract Pet Beasts, leaving with bruised faces and swollen noses.

The novel contract model greatly amused Xu Ran, and he couldn’t help but think of the second question he had previously asked the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Xuanmu.

How to build an area similar to the Monster Wooden Domain.

He couldn’t help but imagine that if such an area were indeed built, whether similar scenes would occur.

By the time Xu Ran came back to his senses, they were already standing in front of the gate on the other side of the Monster Wooden Marketplace.

Outside the gate was the view inside Monster Wooden City.

“Boss Xu, the place we just went to is the market area we hadn’t visited before,” Li Tutu said with a smile.

“Are we done already?” Xu Ran looked back, still wanting more of the Monster Wooden Marketplace, “Well then, let’s call it a day.”

“No problem,” Li Tutu chuckled, “we welcome Boss Xu to come again!”

“Really, no guide fee?” Xu Ran asked, unable to resist.

“No need, no need,” Li Tutu shook his head, “Last time I guided you, I already made a pretty penny on the side.”

“…On the side?” Xu Ran’s expression turned puzzled, “What do you mean?”

“Nothing much, it’s just…” Li Tutu hesitated slightly, glanced around, and then spoke in a lower voice, “After I sent you off that day, someone from the Association inquired about you.”

“The Association?” Xu Ran knitted his brows for a moment and then guessed what might be the reason.

At that time, he had just arrived in Monster Wooden City, and it was normal for the Association to inspect and test him.

What Li Tutu meant was probably this situation.

“Boss Xu, you won’t blame me for revealing your information, right?” Li Tutu’s expression was apologetic, “I swear, I definitely didn’t say anything bad about you!”

“Telling the truth is just fine,” Xu Ran smiled and patted Li Tutu on the shoulder, “It’s not a big deal, and you don’t need to feel guilty about it.”

“It’s getting late today, until next time,” Xu Ran said, looking up at the increasingly dimming skies, waved to Li Tutu, and then mounted Star, taking off with the other two little ones.

It was time to check how the new clerk affected the business on the first day.

—————–

“Xi Lu~”

Following Star’s neigh, Xu Ran dismounted and then looked towards the door with a hint of surprise at the line of customers that was no less bustling than his own shop, even more lively.

At this hour, it was nearly the end of the shop’s usual business hours, yet there were still so many customers lined up waiting.

It seemed the three system clerks were as excellent as ever in their duties.

Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction and then walked toward the shop door.

Before he entered, he heard the familiar voice of the Washing and Protection Clerk.

“Sir, since you’re here, why not give your Pet Beast a good wash and protection after training to maintain its best condition? Isn’t that perfect?”

Xu Ran’s lips twitched slightly.

The clerk knew how to persuade.

Without waiting for him to enter, the customer’s voice came out.

“It does seem like a good idea… then… one wash, please?”

“Of course, dear guest, right this way~”

Xu Ran entered with a bittersweet smile, catching a glance of the ‘since you’re here anyway’ clerk leading the customer towards the Washing and Protection rooms.

Without a doubt, the good business was partly thanks to his effort.

“Boss, welcome back.”

The System store manager sat behind the counter, arms laid out on the surface before clasping his hands in front of his chest with a professional smile, “The business is heading in a better direction thanks to the efforts of myself and the other two colleagues.”

“Well done, I trust you guys,” Xu Ran nodded slightly, “I’m heading upstairs, keep up the good work.”

“It’s my pleasure.”

The System store manager smiled and nodded, then turned his gaze to welcome the next customer, his smile brightening even more.

“Welcome~”

—————–

Time flew swiftly under the diligent work of the three system clerks.

Soon, it was the day before the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

Having been reassured by the first day’s endeavor, Xu Ran happily stepped back, leaving the Monster Wooden City’s Starfire Foster Shop entirely in their hands, claiming it was to let the customers of Monster Wooden City get used to the new clerks quickly.

But in reality, he was wandering the outskirts of Monster Wooden Domain with the three little ones, enjoying some rare leisure time.

Besides the first day’s interference with the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu, Xu Ran did not attempt to summon it again.

Of course, according to his guess, the chances of getting a response from it a second time weren’t high.

Last time, perhaps it awoke from its slumber because it sensed Cancan’s uniqueness.

Similarly, Xu Ran did not disturb the Ground Raccoon Tribe again.

Instead, with the three little ones, he tried to reach out and communicate with the creatures within the Monster Wooden Domain on his own, to gain a broader understanding of the domain.

And the three little ones, though they hadn’t trained every day, hadn’t fallen behind in developing their skills by sparring with various wild Transcendent Beings.

“`