Chapter 516: 289

Chapter 516: Chapter 289

Because the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes was to happen the next day, Xu Ran and his three small companions unusually did not go out today, preparing for the upcoming fight while waiting for the staff of the Beast Master Association to come and notify them of the relevant matters.

This wait did not last too long.

The Starfire Foster Care Shop had just opened for the day when the staff arrived.

The person responsible for the notification was Zhou Yang, the same staffer who had handled the registration before.

“Boss Xu, long time no see.” Zhou Yang’s face was full of smiles, and his expression towards Xu Ran was noticeably more polite than before.

In this period, with the rapidly increasing fame of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, Zhou Yang had come to understand that the Beast Master brought for late registration by the vice president that day was no ordinary person, and his attitude naturally shifted accordingly.@@novelbin@@

“Mr. Zhou, long time no see.” Xu Ran replied with a courteous smile, “The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes starts tomorrow, right?”

“Yes,” Zhou Yang nodded, “Boss Xu, you are at the General Level, so the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes has been scheduled for you on the third day.”

“This is the list of leaf awards and ranking rewards for the General Level Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.” While speaking, Zhou Yang handed a small booklet to Xu Ran.

“Moreover, I need to reiterate something to Boss Xu.” Zhou Yang’s expression grew a bit more serious, “During the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, you must not kill your opponents, nor maliciously inflict serious injury on them, or the Beast Emperor will personally punish you.”

“Even the Beast Master Association of Monster Wooden City will not intervene then.”

“I understand,” Xu Ran took the booklet and nodded, indicating he got the message, “Thank you for the information, Mr. Zhou.”

“That’s all I need to say.” Zhou Yang’s expression relaxed slightly, “As for other details, Boss Xu can observe the Battles of Ten Thousand Tribes at the Elite and Leadership Stages in the next two days to get a clearer picture.”

“That was exactly my plan,” Xu Ran said with a nod and a smile.

“In that case, I’ll take my leave now.” Zhou Yang nodded to Xu Ran, then turned and left.

As there were quite a number of local Beast Masters registered for this session of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, he had a busy day ahead of him.

Watching Zhou Yang go, Xu Ran immediately opened the booklet.

The three small ones, who had remained silent until now, had their eyes glued to the booklet the moment it appeared and almost instantaneously crowded around.

“Meow!” (Extreme Source Vein Crystal!)

Excitement filled Ziyun’s distinctive eyes as its gaze swiftly searched the list.

“Let’s look together,” Xu Ran said with a smile, and quickly began flipping through the list.

There were two types of rewards in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

The first was the leaf award.

At the time, one hundred leaf fighting platforms, made from Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, would hide one resource each.

When the time limit for the platform ended, whoever stood on the platform would automatically receive that award, as well as a corresponding ranking for the leaf platform.

The ranking awards were the second set of prizes distributed according to the rankings.

The value of both sets of rewards was roughly equivalent.

However, since the rewards were split into ten attributes, to acquire two suitable resources, some trade-offs would need to be made.

For instance, for a certain contestant, both the leaf award of platform number five and platform number eight might be suitable, but the ranking reward of platform five might not be suitable, whereas the ranking reward of platform eight was suitable.

In this case, the lower-ranked platform number eight might be more appropriate for the contestant.

Basically, the moment the two lists of rewards were confirmed, the particular leaf platform that each contestant needed to fight for would also be settled.

The approach for Xu Ran and his three small companions in choosing was more straightforward and forceful.

That was, they would rather obtain another useless award but ensure to get the Extreme Source Vein Crystal.

So…

“Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three,” Xu Ran said in a low voice, his eyes fixed on a line in the leaf award list.

There, it boldly read “Extreme Source Vein Crystal.”

Just standing on Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three and persevering until the end of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes would bring the resource to him.

“Meow!” (We must obtain it!)

A fierce fighting spirit ignited in Ziyun’s eyes.

No malicious harm, huh? This time, if anyone dares to stop it from getting the Extreme Source Vein Crystal, it would beat them up!

“Xi Lu?” (Should we check the reward for the third rank?)

Star asked in a low growl, curiously inquiring.

No matter what the ranking award was, Ziyun’s evolution was the most important, so choosing Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three was imperative.

However, if the ranking award for platform number three also suited them, it would indeed be a joyous fortune.

“Let me check,” Xu Ran also contemplated this and nodded swiftly before continuing to flip through the booklet.

In a short while, the third place ranking award appeared before them.

“Star Scar Night Light Stone?” Xu Ran said with a hint of surprise upon seeing this unfamiliar resource, “This seems to be a Dark-type resource.”

The next moment, Xu Ran and the other two small ones all turned their gaze towards Star.

“Xi Lu~” (How wonderful~)

Joy was evident in Star’s cry.

This second resource could be for it, and that couldn’t be better.

Compared to Ziyun and Cancan, who already possessed Four Stars skills, it was somewhat behind and definitely needed a quick boost.

“It seems luck is also on our side.”