Chapter 525: 292: Battle Begins, Thousands Of Races Compete For Supremacy!_2

Chapter 525: Chapter 292: Battle Begins, Thousands of Races Compete for Supremacy!_2

Moreover, unlike the Monster Wooden Marketplace, most of the stands here were occupied by Transcendent Beings.

It happened to be a time when all the creatures of the Monster Wooden Domain were gathered here, creating a cacophony of noise in a lively scene.

“Meow~” (I want to look at that!)

Ziyun sniffed the air, catching a whiff of a scent that intrigued it, and quickly fixed its gaze on one of the stalls, a look of anticipation on its face.

“All right.” Xu Ran nodded, and then, with the three little ones, he quickly walked over to the stall.

The vendor was a Gem Kite, small and agile, adorned with gem-like, twinkling, colorful crystals all over its body, which made it very attractive to look at.

At the moment, this Gem Kite had its wings folded and was standing on the ground, with a pile of various fruits in front of it that resembled a small hill.

These fruits stemmed from various Extraordinary Plants, and at first glance, there were at least dozens of varieties; even Xu Ran could not help but marvel when he saw them.

Although they weren’t of high value, collecting so many varieties was no easy feat.

However, thinking of the temperament and abilities of the Gem Kite, Xu Ran felt a burst of clarity in his mind.

This species enjoyed tasting and collecting all kinds of Transcendent fruits, and with their Super ability Attribute, they could even digest fruits of other Attributes and convert the power within on their own.

So, it was reasonable for a Gem Kite to offer these fruits.

Ziyun took another sniff, and its gaze finally settled on a fruit with a black skin covered in green and purple stripes.

The scent that attracted it came from this very fruit!

Ziyun extended a paw to point at the fruit, and then looked at Xu Ran.

“Meow!” (I want that one!)

“No problem.” Xu Ran nodded his head, crouching down to inquire with the Gem Kite, “How are you selling these fruits?”

The Gem Kite’s colorful eyes sparkled with intelligence as it shifted its gaze slightly.

“Rui~”

As it spoke, an invisible thought reached Xu Ran and the three little ones.

“Exchange them for other things that interest me.”

Super ability one-star skill, Mind Induction.

“All right.” Xu Ran nodded, a hint of surprise in his eyes.

He hadn’t expected this species to possess the same ability as Twelve.

This would make communication much more convenient.

After pondering for a moment, he quickly took out a small, well-packaged item from his pouch and handed it over to the Gem Kite, “Will this do?”

The Gem Kite stared at the unfamiliar item in front of it and tilted its head slightly.

“Rui?” (Can I open it?)

“Of course, this is food. You can give it a taste first,” Xu Ran said, smiling as he passed the item over to it.

It was a snack that he regularly prepared for the three little ones, also made from Transcendent Resources, without any Attribute distinction, suitable for consumption by any Attribute.

The snack had received rave reviews from all three little ones.

Presumably, the Gem Kite before him would like it too.

The fruit that Ziyun had taken a fancy to wasn’t particularly valuable; it just happened to be to its liking, making food a suitable item for exchange.

Upon hearing that it was food, a look of curiosity emerged in the eyes of the Gem Kite.

It used its sharp beak to tear open the packaging and soon picked up a crispy snacking slice resembling a potato chip and chewed on it twice before swallowing.

Next, its eyes lit up instantly.

Obviously, this previously untasted flavor was to its satisfaction.

“Rui~” (It’s a deal!)

The Gem Kite casually flapped its wings, and the fruit that Ziyun had taken an interest in flew out from the pile and landed in Ziyun’s hands.

“Meow~” (I’m starting to eat!)

Ziyun sniffed again and then ferociously bit into it with an “aowu”.

The fruit looked somewhat like a black plum, with a black, thin skin lined with green and purple that was edible, and inside was the dark purple flesh.

Faintly visible between the flesh were tiny leaping Electric Arcs, which might have rendered any non-Thunder Attribute Pet Beast with a numb mouth if they ate it.

But for Ziyun, these were minor issues.

After finishing the fruit in just a few bites, leaving only a shiny purple pit behind, Ziyun wiped off the dark purple juice remaining on its mouth, looking thoroughly satisfied.

Delicious!

Equally content was the Gem Kite.

The snack Xu Ran had brought was devoured in the blink of an eye, half gone already.

Seeing the pit in Ziyun’s hands, the Gem Kite couldn’t resist adding another piece of information.

“Rui~” (That’s a Green Lightning Purple Fruit, you can try planting the pit if you like it, maybe it will grow into a Green Lightning Purple Fruit Tree!)

“Meow?” (Can I really do that?)

Ziyun’s eyes lit up, and it clenched the once-to-be-discarded pit in its hands tightly.

It looked up at Xu Ran, its eyes searching his for confirmation, wanting to know if what the Gem Kite said was true.

“In theory, it’s possible,” Xu Ran rubbed his chin, “But the Green Lightning Purple Fruit Tree can only grow in places dense with Thunderbolt energy, and if you can’t find such a place, you’ll need to fertilize it every day if you want to plant it.”

“Meow?” (How do I fertilize it?)

Ziyun pursued the question.

It was apparent that it really enjoyed the fruit it had just eaten.

“Fertilizing isn’t difficult, just water it with Thunderforce every day,” Xu Ran smiled, “If you really want to plant it, you can keep it for now.”

“We’ll plant it once we reach Bright Radiance City.”

“Meow~” (No problem!)@@novelbin@@

Ziyun happily stored the pit.

“Do you two want one?” Xu Ran turned to Star and Cancan.

“Rui~” (Give me another packet of the snack from earlier, and I can give you two fruits.)