Chapter 527: 292: Battle Erupts, Thousands Of Clans Clash!_4

Chapter 527: Chapter 292: Battle Erupts, Thousands of Clans Clash!_4

This was the cooling-off period after a successful defense of the arena.

If the defenders were allowed to continually accept challenges from other competitors, they would eventually be worn down by the relentless battles, regardless of their strength. At some point, they would be exhausted, which would be unfair to the defenders.

Therefore, every time a defense was successful, and the light film rose, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood would release its power to help the defender recover quickly.@@novelbin@@

Before the light film dissipated, the challengers were not allowed to enter the arena.

Of course, this recovery was not endless, and the light film could not last forever.

If the injuries were too severe or the exhaustion too great, and the defenders had not recovered during the appearance of the light film, they would ultimately have to leave the arena dejectedly.

About three minutes passed, and the light film quietly faded away.

The Fire Fierce Monkey on the arena, who had been taking the time to recover, leaped up, its strength not fully restored to its peak but already back to seventy to eighty percent.

With the arrival of the second challenger, the second battle for it commenced.

However, by this time, the number of spectators focusing on the Fire Fierce Monkey had dwindled.

During these three minutes, the other contestants had taken their places one after another, and a series of exciting battles were underway on the leaf arenas, drawing the attention of a large audience.

Xu Ran’s attention had also moved away from the Fire Fierce Monkey. His gaze was fixed on the seventh arena.

Compared to the arenas below, the seventh arena was already at a higher layer, reaching thousands of meters in height. Battling there gave a sense of fighting atop the clouds.

And one of the contenders on the seventh arena was Zhang Zhu, who had chatted with Xu Ran for a long time when leaving the city.

According to the rules of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, Beast Masters could summon a Pet Beast to combine with their own strength for combat, where the Pet Beast could be switched out, but not during the midst of a battle.

And Transcendent Beings, when facing off against Beast Masters, were allowed to attack the Beast Tamers themselves.

At this moment, the creature Zhang Zhu had summoned was his first and most attuned pet, the Flame Dragon Beast, which resembled a ferocious dinosaur enshrouded in flames, every movement radiating an astonishing heat.

At the Elite Stage level, this Flame Dragon Beast was almost at its peak.

Other spectators who were paying attention to this battle couldn’t help but express their amazement and start discussing when they saw the state of the Flame Dragon Beast.

The opponent to this man and his beast was a blue-green phoenix bird.

In stark contrast to the Flame Dragon Beast, a continuous stream of cold mist surged around it, causing the surrounding temperature to drop rapidly and ice fragments to form incessantly.

An Ice attribute Leader Species, the Ice Blue Phoenix Bird.

Daring to ascend to such heights as the seventh layer, the Ice Blue Phoenix Bird clearly had great confidence in its own strength, and it indeed had the corresponding backbone.

For it was from a Beast King Group within the Monster Wooden Domain, a Transcendent Being whose path of evolution was already clear!

Fire against ice, as soon as their battle began, it escalated to a fever pitch, far more intense than the previous fight between the Earth Lizard Dragon and Fire Fierce Monkey.

The Ice Blue Phoenix Bird was clearly well-prepared, fully aware that its current opponent was a Beast Master, and that the weakest point for a Beast Master was their own body.

So, while dealing with the Flame Dragon Beast, the phoenix bird attempted to break through several times, aiming directly at Zhang Zhu’s true self.

However, as a Beast Master, Zhang Zhu was naturally vigilant against this very attack.

Besides the four formidable two-star Talent Skills that the Flame Dragon Beast naturally possessed, it had also been taught an additional two Fire Attribute two-star Defense Skills, which protected Zhang Zhu exceptionally well, foiling the Ice Blue Phoenix Bird’s attempts to land a successful strike.

The battle between the two sides entered a stalemate after an initial flurry of intense action.

The ice crystals sublimated in the scorching heat, and puff after puff of white vapor veiled the battling arena with a sheer layer of gauze.