Chapter 523: 291: The First Four-Star Skill Of The Star!_3

Chapter 523: Chapter 291: The First Four-Star Skill of the Star!_3

In order to facilitate understanding, it can be viewed as two separate skills: one is Night Prayer and the other is Star Prayer.

Night Prayer inherits all the effects of the Heart of Eternal Night: recovery, self-healing, and empowering Dark Skills, and it significantly enhances these effects beyond their original scope.

Star Prayer, on the other hand, possesses entirely new skill effects: strengthening, protection, and empowering Star Power skills.

Strengthening is an ability inherited from one of the four fused skills, Night Ignite, which allows the star to significantly increase its strength in a short time. This enhancement, coupled with the skill effect, can produce a synergistic outcome greater than the sum of its parts.

Protection is a completely new effect that none of the four fused skills possess. It can gather the power of starlight to form an indomitable Guardian that surrounds the star.

This defensive power cannot be shared with companions like the Night Rune, but it can be shared with Xu Ran through Fated Star Pulling.

What’s more, its defense is much stronger than that of the Night Rune, even against formidable opponents one Growth Stage higher, it provides the star with much more leeway for maneuver.

As for the final empowering of Star Power skills, it is similar to Night Prayer, except that the target of empowerment has changed.

When the skill enhanced by Prayer of Starry Night is also a Dark Attribute skill and related to Star Power, both Night Prayer and Star Prayer’s benefits will take effect simultaneously, resulting in a multiplicative enhancement.

For example, if both enhancements are 3, the final enhancement effect is not 6, but 9!

“This Prayer of Starry Night…” After hearing the introduction from the star, a peculiar look crossed Xu Ran’s face.

Without a doubt, the star’s first four-star skill is in no way inferior to Ziyun and Cancan’s skills in terms of strength, and it rightly deserves the name of a four-star skill.

But…

He always felt that the emergence of this skill had dug a sizable pit for the star.

According to the additional requirement of the star’s Evolution Conditions, the star needs at least three four-star skills to be related to Star Power.

Out of the seven Talent Skills of the star, choosing three to fulfill this condition is not particularly difficult, so this additional requirement is not hard to meet.

However, now that the first skill to be fused even has a cumulative enhancement effect for Dark and Star Power skills…

Doesn’t this mean that…

“Xi Lu~” (I want to change the planned fusion of subsequent skills, and fuse all skills into those related to Star Power!)

The star’s resolute words caused a sigh to rise in Xu Ran’s heart.

As expected.

If subsequent four-star skills were simply Dark Attribute skills, then Prayer of Starry Night would only benefit partially, which would be a significant loss.

Given the star’s nature, it would definitely not make such a choice.

Therefore, it would certainly make things harder for itself, ensuring that all skills were connected to Star Power to maximize the enhancement from Prayer of Starry Night.

“Prayer of Starry Night, along with the Fated Star Pulling enhanced by Rise Star and the Star Refusal Ring, are the three skills we can think of that are related to Star Power,” Xu Ran said softly, looking at the star. “They just happen to meet the extra requirements for evolution.”

“If you want the other four skills to also be related to Star Power, that won’t be as easy,” Xu Ran paused slightly, “Are you sure you want to do this?”

The star pondered for a moment and then nodded firmly again.@@novelbin@@

“Xi Lu~” (I’m sure!)

Even though the star had no idea how the other four skills could connect with Star Power, it still wanted to try.

Besides its inherent dislike of being at a disadvantage, there was another key factor that the star did not mention.

That was the sense that it somehow felt that it was meant to do this.

Whether it was the abilities awakened afterward or the evolution that followed, the star had a feeling that its ability center seemed to keep transitioning from the Dark Attribute towards a new power.

That new power was not any of the ten Attributes but rather Star Power.

It seemed as if the Dark Attribute was just a stepping stone.

This notion was very strange, but it often surfaced in the star’s mind and reached its peak with the appearance of the Evolution Conditions for the Emperor Species’ Evolution Path.

If so, by possessing more skills that resonate with Star Power, wouldn’t the star’s chances of successful evolution be higher?

Although it hadn’t tried yet, it was as if a voice in the star’s mind kept telling it that this was feasible.

“Alright, since you’ve already made your decision, I’ll support you with all my might,” Xu Ran said, stroking the star’s head softly.

The skill fusions of the star had almost exhausted all the Skill Fusion Stones.

The few remaining were not enough to complete another four-star skill fusion, and had to be reserved for the next resource allocation.

Subsequently, the three little ones began to distribute the remaining resources according to their leftover Value Points.

After some modesty and amicability, the allocation of all resources came to a conclusion.

The surplus Physical Points allowed the very close-to-General Stage three little ones to reach the complete General Stage, and the additional points also enabled them, already with Halo Level skills, to steadily progress towards the Violent Sun Level of Skill Proficiency.

After writing down the remaining states of the three little ones on the Little Blackboard, Xu Ran casually placed the two “Divine Artifacts” back in the corner, “Rest well tonight, tomorrow we’ll go see the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.”

“Although the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes taking place tomorrow is not at our Leadership Stage level but at the Elite Stage level, it’s good to familiarize ourselves with the venue and the process in advance.”

Having said this, Xu Ran quickly sat cross-legged and closed his eyes, entering a state of Deep Meditation on the bed.

The last Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card had just expired today, and Xu Ran was worried that his Meditation speed would significantly decrease.

The fact that the new Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card arrived so timely was unexpected.

Coupled with the renewal of the Acceleration Card, his rapid Meditation could continue for a good while longer.

This made Xu Ran appreciate the preciousness of Meditation acceleration even more and even caused him to practice with increased diligence.

Watching Xu Ran immediately sink into Meditation, the three little ones exchanged glances.

Rest well?

No way!