Chapter 529 - 293: Huh? Boss Xu?!_2

Chapter 529: Chapter 293: Huh? Boss Xu?!_2

“Boss Xu? Which Boss Xu?” his companion’s face still showed a hint of sluggishness in his reaction.

“Who else could it be, the one from Starfire Foster Care Shop! You just recommended their Washing and Protection services to me the day before yesterday!” Seeing the blank expression on his friend’s face, he pointed towards the direction of the contestant registration area, speechless, “Look, he’s gone in!”

“Really, Boss Xu?!” His companion finally snapped back to reality, and following his friend’s gesture, he saw Xu Ran’s figure, his expression gradually turning to astonishment, “Is he here to provide Washing and Protection services for some contestant?”

“…Are you dumb?” The person who had spotted Xu Ran was at a loss for words for a moment, “He went in with a Certificate Stone! He’s here to compete!”

“Compete? Boss Xu?!” His companion couldn’t help but gasp in surprise, “This is the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes at the General level!”

“Enough with the chit-chat, let’s hurry up and grab good seats to watch the battle!” The excitement in the eyes of the man who had found Xu Ran was palpable, “I have a feeling that today’s Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes is going to be interesting!”

Similar conversations were happening in many places around them.

Watching Xu Ran successfully enter the contestants’ passage with the Certificate Stone and truly head towards the direction of the Sky-reaching Pillar, a flurry of discussions quickly arose around them.

Boss Xu was no stranger to them.

However, in the eyes of most people, Boss Xu was just the owner of a foster shop known for excellent technical services but somewhat listless. Since his shop had employed staff, he rarely managed the shopfront personally.

They had never considered that such a foster shop owner could also be a General Level Beast Master capable of participating in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

And just as surprised were the other human Beast Masters participating in the competition.

“Boss Xu?! Am I seeing things?”

A General Level Beast Master who had arrived early to prepare for battle under the Sky-reaching Pillar couldn’t help but widen his eyes when he saw Xu Ran standing next to him.

“It’s Mr. Zhao Tuo.” Xu Ran recognized the man who had visited his shop several times to purchase hundreds of hours of training time for his three Pet Beasts, smiling a bit more on his face, “It’s been a while.”

“Yes, it’s been some time… No, that’s not right! That’s not important!” Zhao Tuo abruptly shook his head, quickly snapping back from Xu Ran’s playful banter to the initial crucial point, “Boss Xu, you’re actually participating in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes?”

As a General Level Beast Master himself, Zhao Tuo was not completely oblivious to Xu Ran’s abilities. However, because the power of the three little ones was concealed, in Zhao Tuo’s view, Xu Ran could only be considered a below-average strength contender among General Level Beast Masters.

And the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes was the peak battle of all equivalence in strength across the entire Monster Wooden Domain. Such a battle was not something someone of Xu Ran’s strength should be participating in.

“It’s about being involved.” Xu Ran chuckled, speaking casually.

The man before him, Zhao Tuo, had made a strong impression because he personally received and devised the training plans for the other’s four Pet Beasts.

Zhao Tuo’s four Pet Beasts all had reached the completion stage of the General Level, and their Skill Proficiency was even close to the full Halo Level. Among the General Level, he was indeed not weak.

And from the look in the other’s eyes, Xu Ran could roughly guess what he was thinking.

“It’s about being involved…” Zhao Tuo’s expression turned a bit peculiar, but since Xu Ran had put it that way, naturally he didn’t feel it was right to say much else, “Can you disclose which Leaf Arena you’re aiming for, Boss Xu?”

“Number Three.” Xu Ran replied, nonchalantly and openly.

“Number Three, huh…” Zhao Tuo let out a slight sigh of relief.

The Leaf Arena he had his eyes on offered two rewards at Number Fifteen, and there was no competition between the two of them, nor a need to confront each other. This meant he didn’t need to worry about facing Xu Ran in battle and how to go easy on him… Wait a moment!

Number Three?!

Zhao Tuo couldn’t help but bulge his eyes.

In the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, every ten levels marked a tier, and the rewards for the same tier were of equivalent value, differing only in Attribute.

Everyone would choose the Leaf Arena within the same tier that best suited their needs, so the rankings of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes did not entirely correspond to the rankings of strength.

But without doubt, the higher-tier Leaf Arenas would see fiercer competition.

Leaf Arenas Number One to Ten were outright Shura Fields; even Zhao Tuo, who had considerable confidence in his abilities, had decided after careful consideration to painfully opt out of those challenges, settling for the Number Fifteen Leaf Arena instead.

Unexpectedly, Boss Xu had directly chosen Number Three Leaf Arena…

For a moment, Zhao Tuo didn’t know what to say.

After a brief silence, he spoke slowly, “Boss Xu, if I’m not mistaken, the leaf reward of Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three is of the Fighting Attribute, and the ranking reward is of the Dark Attribute, right?”

“Yes,” Xu Ran nodded. “What about it?”

“Boss Xu might be participating in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes for the first time, so you may not be aware,” Zhao Tuo’s voice paused slightly.

“Once the two rewards for each Leaf Arena are announced in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, the opponents you’ll encounter in this battle have pretty much been set.”

“The leaf rewards and ranking rewards of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes rarely feature the same Attribute.”

“This ensures that you will face opponents with different Attributes, avoiding a contest restricted to just one Attribute.”

“Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three, being one of the top ten Leaf Arenas, will attract the strongest Fighting and Dark Attribute General Stage from inside the Monster Wooden Domain.”

Zhao Tuo’s voice paused briefly, “On our Beast Master side, there is a tough character who happens to have two Pet Beasts, each of these two Attributes.”

As he spoke, he pointed to a figure on the other side, “That’s him.”

Xu Ran turned his head to look and quickly identified the person Zhao Tuo had pointed out.

It was a man he hadn’t seen before, probably someone who had never visited Starfire Foster Care Shop.

The man was tall and robust, resembling an iron tower, and his presence brimmed with a ferocious aura, making him seem like a human-shaped Transcendent Being.

Behind him stood a humanoid Transcendent Being, its body covered in sharp, pointed bony spikes, and its hands replaced by mantis-like sharp scythes. Just one glance evoked a strong sense of danger.

It was an unidentified General Stage Fighting Pet Beast.

Although at the moment only one of the man’s Pet Beasts was visible, its formidable power made it clear that he was not someone to be trifled with.

“His name is Tuoba Hai, one of the rare combat fanatics among the Beast Masters of Monster Wooden City,” Zhao Tuo said in a low voice. “The entire Monster Wooden Domain forbids deliberate trouble-making and killing, so he often leaves the domain to engage in fierce battles in more dangerous areas.”

Leaving the Monster Wooden Domain on their own to fight in other areas of Beast Field Number 47?

Upon hearing such a description, Xu Ran couldn’t help but be astounded.

That’s a real hardcore fighter…

Others fight against wild Transcendent Beings to defend their homes and survive, but his actions are purely for polishing his own skills.

After all, the Monster Wooden Domain is peaceful and thriving.

Seemingly aware of Xu Ran’s gaze, Tuoba Hai turned slightly, and his indifferent eyes looked towards Xu Ran.

For a moment, Xu Ran felt as if he was being targeted by a regal lion.

Just as Zhao Tuo had said, this was a formidable character.

So, does that mean I’ll have to confront him for the victory on Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three?@@novelbin@@

“Meow!” (Fear not!)

Ziyun stared fiercely at the other party, and even exchanged a momentary look with the Fighting Pet Beast behind Tuoba Hai. Its eyes, mismatched in color, were not only fearless but also surged with a sharp battle intent.

This battle was about securing its Evolution Resources!

“Xi Lu!” (Beat him up!)

Even Starfire, who was usually more mellow, had a cry that became more fervent at the moment, clearly unafraid.

“If that’s the case, I shall have a fair contest with that Beast Master named Tuoba Hai,” said Xu Ran, whose smile now carried a hint of concealed sharpness, influenced by the emotions of his two Pet Beasts.

“You…” Zhao Tuo shook his head helplessly, obviously not very optimistic about Xu Ran’s chances, “And what I’ve just mentioned is only the situation on the Beast Master side!”

“If you really intend to vie for Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three, Boss Xu, the bigger challenge will come from the wild Transcendent Beasts within the Monster Wooden Domain.”