Chapter 522: 291: The First Four-Star Skill Of The Star!_2

Chapter 522: Chapter 291: The First Four-Star Skill of the Star!_2

Control!

All you need to do is be aware of your own movement trajectory, get more familiar with the brand new skills, and Ziyun can easily use Path of Destruction to create layers of imprisoning thunder cages, trapping the opponent inside without any chance of escape.

Once the opponent inadvertently touches Lei Jing, suffering heavy damage and paralysis effects, Ziyun can appear in front of it in no time, and there’s no need to say more about the resolution that follows.

After understanding the effects of Ziyun’s fourth Four Stars skill, Xu Ran and the other two little ones all widened their eyes in amazement.

It always feels…

that all four of Ziyun’s new skills are frighteningly powerful.

Four Stars skills, horrific as such!

“Sigh~” (Good thing I have Land of Destruction…)

Cancan showed a relieved expression.

Even though all of Ziyun’s skills are strong, its Land of Destruction, in terms of strength, is no less powerful than Ziyun’s skills, and it’s even an area-of-effect killing skill that Ziyun doesn’t have.

So, no big deal!

“Xi Lu~” (Is it my turn now?)

Star couldn’t help but let out an eager whinny, urging on.

Seeing that Ziyun’s two brand new skills were as powerful as the previous two Four Stars skills, Star, who didn’t have a single Four Stars skill, was incredibly envious.

Four Stars skills, it wants them too!

“Next up, it’s Star’s turn,” said Xu Ran with a smile, touching Ziyun’s head.@@novelbin@@

Seeing how impressive Ziyun’s two skills were had put him in an even better mood.

“Is the first skill Star is going to fuse Heart of Eternal Night?” asked Xu Ran with a smile.

He remembered this very clearly.

Long ago, Star began preparing for the fusion of the Heart of Eternal Night skill. The other three skills had been chosen early on.

“Xi Lu~” (Correct!)

Star nodded emphatically.

Heart of Eternal Night was initially its sole One Star skill, Tenacity.

But after a long period of diligent training and enhancement, the skill became the most important one for Star.

It allowed Star to have inexhaustible power like a perpetual motion machine, it could help Star heal any injury swiftly, and fully amplified Dark Skills.

It was only natural to prioritize such a versatile skill to elevate to Four Stars first.

“Let’s begin then,” said Xu Ran with a slight nod, and then reopened the Skill Fusion page.

[★★★Heart of Eternal Night]+[★★★Star Falling Power]+[★★★Quiet Night Breath]+[★★★Night Ignite]

[Fusion Success Rate: 0.0191%]

[Proceed with fusion?]

[Yes][No]

Looking at the familiar prompt that popped up on the panel, Xu Ran took a deep breath.

This was Star’s first time attempting to fuse a Four Stars skill, but even more important, with the addition of the skill Star Falling Power, this would be Star’s first Four Stars skill meeting extra evolution conditions.

Let’s see then what sort of transformation would take place.

With a mental shout, Xu Ran pressed the [Yes] button without hesitation.

Once… twice… five times… ten times…

One after another, fusion stones dematerialized in the system’s storage, and attempt after attempt at Skill Fusion ended in failure.

In the end, Xu Ran’s swiftly moving hand came to a halt in mid-air.

In front of him, dazzling colorful lights illuminated four words.

[Fusion Success]

Almost at the same time, the original skills disappeared from Star’s panel, replaced by a new skill that came into view.

[★★★Heart of Eternal Night (Halo Level)](3213/50000)[+]

↓↓↓

[★★★★Prayer of Starry Night (Halo Level)](3213/50000)[+]

This skill…

A look of surprise appeared in Xu Ran’s eyes.

Just from the name alone, it seemed completely unrelated to the original Heart of Eternal Night.

But being the upgraded version of Heart of Eternal Night, its effects were bound to be more than what could be deduced from just the name of the skill.

So… it was now up to Star to reveal the answer.

Turning his gaze to Star, Xu Ran soon had a wry smile on his face.

Let’s wait a little longer then.

Let Star fully experience the joy of a skill leveling up.

Thrilling! Too thrilling!

Feeling an odd sense of pleasure and a sense of achievement like a leap in Life Level seeping from every tiny corner of its body, Star couldn’t resist the urge to howl at the sky, venting the emotions in its heart at this moment.

And it did just that.

“Xi Lu~”

With a fervent whinny, Star raised its front hooves high, its robust body reflecting smooth and astonishing Light under the lamp.

Accompanied by the heavy stomping of its front hooves on the ground, its formidable Power surged upward from all around it.

At this moment, Star, with its first Four Stars skill, was wildly arrogant.

“Meow~” (Now you understand our feelings, right?)

Seeing Star’s excited state, Ziyun lay lazily on the bed, squinting its heterochromatic eyes with a look that said “I knew it would be like this”.

“Xi Lu~” (This feeling is wonderful!)

Star nodded vigorously, then came back to its senses, beginning to explore the memories and countless images about its new skill suddenly appearing in its mind.

After that, it became even more excited.

Before fusing this skill, it had imagined countless possible outcomes.

The new skill, however, turned out to be much better than the best possible result it had envisioned.

Shaking its head vigorously, Star couldn’t wait to share its joy with its buddies.

Prayer of Starry Night, like the previous Heart of Eternal Night, was an enhancement skill.

However, compared to the previous Heart of Eternal Night, this skill not only dealt with more buffs, but its enhancement effects were almost doubled.