Chapter 526: 292: Battle Erupts, A Myriad Of Tribes Compete!_3

Chapter 526: Chapter 292: Battle Erupts, A Myriad of Tribes Compete!_3

The Gem Kite took the initiative to speak.

“Chia!” (Then I’ll take that one!)

Cancan scanned through the pile of fruits and quickly fixed her gaze on one of them.

“Xi Lu!” (I choose this one!)

Star was equally quick in choosing another fruit.

After the exchange of money and goods, Cancan and Star, having tasted the fruits, also voluntarily left behind the seeds, seemingly sharing the same idea as Ziyun.

Xu Ran smiled at the sight.

It seemed that, once in Bright Radiance City, the three pets would have a new daily task: taking care of their respective fruit trees.

1

After bidding farewell to the Gem Kite, one person and three pets turned towards other stalls, quickly blending into the bustling marketplace.

Time passed by the minute and second, when suddenly a clear rustling sound dispersed throughout the vicinity.

Every creature in the competition area and nearby swiftly stopped what they were doing, their gazes turning towards the direction of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

The next moment, an invisible notion emerged in the minds of all creatures.

“Ten minutes remain until the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes begins.”

“Ten minutes, huh…” Xu Ran placed the resource he was examining back on the booth, and then looked at his three pets, “Let’s go find a place to sit.”

Next to the Sky-reaching Pillar of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, there were branches actively hanging down from the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood. These branches, with numerous big and small forks, served as natural spectator seats.

Even before the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood issued a reminder, many creatures had already chosen their spots, and amidst the cover of lush green leaves, the branches were dotted with the silhouettes of beasts and people.

Fortunately, the branches of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood were really large, so Xu Ran and the three pets easily found a fairly decent viewing spot in the middle section.

Sitting here, one could see both the high-level Leaf Arenas and the low-level Leaf Arenas, virtually encompassing the whole scene of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes at a glance.

While the audience was searching for seats, the contestants of this Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes also began to appear one after another.

With no host and no introductions of contestants, they simply stood in a circle around the base of the Sky-reaching Pillar to signify that they were ready for the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

The selection of the audience was met with enthusiastic encouragement.

Various fervent Beast Roar sounds rose and fell. Xu Ran even saw several Roaring Bears not far from him, so excited that they almost fell off their seats; it was unclear what they were so thrilled about.

Following the gaze of these few Roaring Bears, Xu Ran noticed that among the appearing contestants was a small Roaring Bear.

Oh, that was nothing then.

Zhang Zhu’s figure also appeared within Xu Ran’s sight.

It was apparent that the previously battle-hungry Zhang Zhu was now quite nervous, continually glancing around, perhaps trying to spot Xu Ran.

Unfortunately, it was easier to spot a contestant from the audience seats, but much more difficult to find someone in the audience from a contestant’s position.

The ten minutes passed in an instant.

As the gradually arriving audience had mostly found their seats and settled down, the contestants on the field were also making ready to act. Another crisp sound of leaves rubbing against each other reverberated throughout the competition area.

Once again, an invisible notion descended.

“The competition begins.”

The next moment, the poised contestants sprang into action.

With set targets in mind, their movements were remarkably synchronized, as they launched themselves toward the Leaf Arenas above.

The side of the Sky-reaching Pillar was intentionally pitted to help Transcendent Beings without the ability to fly climb up rapidly; there were even small caves for them to take a brief rest.

Those with the ability to fly, on the other hand, had some advantage in this phase.

They just needed to spread their wings, and they were already surpassing the hard-climbing contestants in height.@@novelbin@@

“Chia?” (What would happen if they attacked each other at this moment?)

On the branch, Cancan, staring with wide eyes at the group of contestants, suddenly spoke up.

“According to the rules of the competition, they can’t attack each other at this time,” Xu Ran explained with a smile, “The only place where fights are allowed in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes is the arena.”

“Xi Lu~” (But it seems they can interfere with other contestants?)

Star let out a low growl, looking in a certain direction.

It was a Wind attribute Four Wing Bird, whose flapping wings stirred up a gale, turning into several small tornadoes that affected other flying contestants in the race. This also caused quite a few climbing contestants to stumble and sway.

And such an action wasn’t stopped or punished.

“It seems there’s some leeway in the rules of the competition,” Xu Ran, having also noticed, stroked his chin and a thoughtful expression crossed his face.

But soon, he had no time to think about it any longer.

For the first battle on the arena of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes had begun!

While other contestants had yet to reach their targeted arenas, on the number one hundred Leaf Arena at the bottom, two figures had already engaged in battle.

It was a fight between an Earth Lizard Dragon and a Fire Fierce Monkey, one Earth and one Fire. Even though they were just at the Elite Stage, their moves already carried quite a potent force.

For a while, many eyes in the audience turned in their direction.

In the end, the Fire Fierce Monkey, with its more powerful offensive skills, heavily blasted the Earth Lizard Dragon out of the arena, concluding this battle.

The Fire Fierce Monkey itself had also expended a great deal of strength during the fierce fight.

A pale Light film quietly covered the number one hundred Leaf Arena, and mist began to form inside, while the energy on the arena visibly thickened.