Chapter 530 - 294: This Place, Is Mine Now!

Chapter 530: Chapter 294: This Place, Is Mine Now!

“Wild Transcendent Beings in the Monster Wooden Domain?”

Upon hearing Zhao Tuo’s words, Xu Ran’s eyes filled with even more curiosity and surprise.

Initially, in Xu Ran’s mind, Beast Masters would undoubtedly pose a greater threat to him than wild Transcendent Beings.

After all, the former could switch between different Pet Beasts, and they could also join the battle alongside their Pet Beasts.

From the sound of Zhao Tuo’s words, were there wild Transcendent Beings that were more threatening than the Beast Master named Tuoba Hai they just encountered?

“Exactly,” Zhao Tuo nodded slightly, his expression turning a bit more serious, “Within the Monster Wooden Domain, some wild Transcendent Beings pose a threat even greater than Powerful Beast Masters of the same stage.”

“You should know that the status hierarchy among wild Transcendent Beings is very distinct based on their strength. This holds true no matter how savage other places might be or in the Monster Wooden Domain.”

“As for the highest status within the Monster Wooden Domain, that naturally belongs to the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu. Besides that, it can roughly be divided into three different levels.”

“The first is the Leading Groups, creatures of this level do not have a stable Evolution Path inheritance. Without special opportunities, they are destined to remain in the Leadership Stage for life, with their highest combat power being within the Leadership Stage.”

“The second is the Beast King Group. They have summarized certain rules of evolution that allow their members to evolve towards a certain King Species as much as possible. Their combat power could leap significantly, with the strongest reaching the King Stage.”

“As for the third…” Zhao Tuo’s voice paused slightly, “that would be the Quasi Emperor Group.”

“Quasi Emperor?” Xu Ran’s heart skipped a beat, and his face showed even deeper surprise, “What does that mean?”

“The so-called Quasi Emperor refers to Transcendent Beings at the Overlord stage,” Zhao Tuo looked around, lowering his voice slightly, “Besides the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood in this Monster Wooden Domain, there are three Overlord stage beings.”@@novelbin@@

“And their families are known as the Quasi Emperor families.”

“They are called Quasi Emperors not only because their strength hasn’t reached that of a Beast Emperor, but also because their evolutionary paths are unclear and haven’t formed a heritage. The other members of their groups can hardly replicate their Evolution Path.”

“So… aside from the group’s strongest being at the Overlord stage, they don’t differ much from the Beast King Group?” Xu Ran asked tentatively.

“There still is a difference,” Zhao Tuo shook his head slightly, “As Overlord stage beings, they can acquire more resources to develop their clan, making them several times stronger than the ordinary Beast King Group.”

“Stronger strength also allows them to better guide the more talented youngsters in their clans, making the junior members of the clan much stronger.”

“The reason I bring this up is that one of the Quasi Emperor groups is of the Dark Attribute,” Zhao Tuo quietly pointed towards a nearby location where three ferocious looking Transcendent Beings were situated, “One of the three Quasi Emperor groups is the Night Bear clan.”

Xu Ran followed the direction of Zhao Tuo’s finger and then his gaze sharpened slightly.

There were three massive and burly bear-like Transcendent Beings standing over ten meters tall each. Their grey-black fur was marked with pitch-black patterns, which occasionally flickered with dark light, causing the area around them to also become dim.

The visible ferocious aura caused other competitors nearby to voluntarily steer clear, leaving a large empty space around the creatures.

Among these three Night Bears, there was also a distinction of strength. They stood in a triangular formation, with the two in the back slightly deferring to the one in front who was somewhat taller and exuded the most formidable ferocity.

“Xi Lu~” (It is very powerful.),

Star neighed, its eyes reflecting a measure of recognition.

As a Dark Attribute Pet Beast, it was able to sense that the leading Night Bear’s strength could even exert pressure on it.

Furthermore, unlike itself which was only skilled in support, the Night Bear was a Dark Extraordinary Creature with explosive output.

“Meow~” (Not afraid!)

Ziyun stretched lazily on Star’s back, its heterochromatic eyes squinting.

The Night Bear was formidable, but who would win and who would lose would be decided only after the clash!

“Both the rank reward for number three and the leaf reward for number six are Dark-type Resources, so at least two of the Night Bears will contend for these two resources,” Zhao Tuo shook his head lightly, “They are difficult to deal with.”

“Aside from the Quasi Emperor Night Bear clan, there’s also another strong contender for Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three,” Zhao Tuo’s tone shifted, pointing towards another side, “See that Broken Jade Kite there? Its reputation in the Monster Wooden Domain isn’t small.”

Xu Ran turned his head to look and quickly spotted a Kite bird standing quietly to one side, pooling its wings, with feathers smooth and lustrous like jade, and the distinct patterns within them giving it the semblance of beautiful, shattered jade.

The bird seemed to be resting with closed eyes, and nearby it too was a small clearing where no one dared to stand close.

Sensing the being’s aura for a moment, Xu Ran’s expression became one of surprise.

This Transcendent Being of the Kite bird species was actually of the Fighting Attribute.

A Fighting Attribute Bird Pet Beast was something he saw for the first time.

And Ziyun, who hadn’t been too tense around the Night Bears, instantly tensed up upon seeing the Broken Jade Kite.

Its innate sharp sense of its opponents as a Fighting Pet Beast told it that this creature posed an even greater threat than the Night Bears they had seen before.