Chapter 531 - 294: This Place, Is Mine Now!_2

Chapter 531: Chapter 294: This Place, is Mine Now!_2

“What is its origin?” Xu Ran asked curiously.

“As for the origin of this Broken Jade Kite, I’m afraid only it knows.” Zhao Tuo laughed, “It came to the Monster Wooden Domain from another place, alone, but its strength is by no means weak. It even has a brief confrontation experience with the Beast King.”

“No one recognizes it, not even knowing what its initial species was before it evolved.”

“Now that it has appeared here, it is clearly eyeing the resources within the top ten of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.” Zhao Tuo paused slightly, “The rewards for Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three and the ranking rewards for number eight are both Fighting Attribute resources. It’s just a matter of which one it’s eying.”

“I see…” Xu Ran nodded, understanding the possible opponents he might encounter later at Leaf Arena Number Three.

The first one is Tuoba Hai.

According to Zhao Tuo’s introduction, the opponent has both Fighting Pet Beasts and Dark Attribute Pet Beasts. Although he doesn’t know the attributes of the other two Pet Beasts, he is very likely to choose Leaf Arena Number Three for the competition.

The second one is the Night Bear clan.

There are three members in the Night Bear clan. With two rewards in the top ten containing Dark-type Resources and the Quasi-Emperor clan’s style of doing things, along with their own formidable strength, there will definitely be a clash for Leaf Arena Number Three.

Lastly, there is the somewhat mysterious Broken Jade Kite.

If nothing unexpected happens, the opponent will choose either Arena Number Three or Number Eight, and Xu Ran must also prepare himself mentally in case it chooses Number Three.

“Boss Xu, why don’t you change your target to a different Leaf Arena?” Zhao Tuo spread his hands and spoke softly.

Having said so much, he naturally hoped that Xu Ran could face reality and find a Leaf Arena that he was more confident about, rather than stubbornly choosing the hellish difficulty of Leaf Arena Number Three.

After all, aside from these three, the capabilities of the other competitors wouldn’t be weak either. Boss Xu’s choice of Number Three was commendable for its courage, but it’s doomed to be without result.

“No, I still choose Leaf Arena Number Three.” Xu Ran smiled helplessly, “Because the two rewards from Arena Number Three are exactly what I need.”

Beside him, Ziyun and Star both nodded in agreement.

For their Evolution Materials, no matter what kind of competitors they are, they must be defeated!

“Chah~” (I will give it my all as well.)

Cancan shook its head and spoke with a determined voice.

Helping its companions was helping itself.

If Ziyun and Star could complete their evolution as soon as possible, then all the resource allocation that followed would prioritize it!

Well… not necessarily.

If nothing unexpected happens, by that time, number twelve should have rejoined them, right?

“Boss Xu, you…” Seeing that Xu Ran was still adamant about choosing Leaf Arena Number Three as his target even after his advice, Zhao Tuo’s expression became complex, “Then I wish you a smooth success.”

“Thanks for your kind words.” Xu Ran smiled.

Though, he was not afraid of these three potential strong competitors.@@novelbin@@

However, if he could obtain the rewards of Leaf Arena Number Three without encountering them, naturally, it would be even better.

The time flew by as the two of them spoke.

“Soso~”

The clear sound of leaves rubbing against each other echoed, and at the same time, the invisible will of the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu descended, informing the competitors waiting under the Sky-reaching Pillar that the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes was about to begin.

In an instant, the atmosphere among the competitors under the pillar became tense, faintly charged with a sense of imminent conflict.

Zhao Tuo no longer spoke to Xu Ran and took a few steps away, maintaining a certain distance from the other competitors. He summoned his Pet Beast, beginning to prepare for the upcoming fierce battles.

“Star, you and Cancan wait for me under the Sky-reaching Pillar,” said Xu Ran as he dismounted, stroking the mane on the back of Star’s head and speaking softly.

According to the rules of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, whether it’s the initial race or the later guarding and challenging of arenas, Beast Masters can only cooperate with one Pet Beast.

Therefore, for the initial racing part, Xu Ran chose to cooperate with Ziyun.

As a feline Pet Beast, it is more skilled at climbing trees than Star.

Besides, the current Ziyun, with its Four Stars speed skill, the Path of Destruction, had improved dramatically, and its speed was even superior to Star’s.

The most important thing was that, in addition to speed, the Path of Destruction had another effect.

That was the formation of a Lei Jing along the path, causing thunder strikes and paralyzing effects on any opponent it touched.

After two days of observation, Xu Ran had confirmed that not directly attacking other competitors was the rule during the racing process. However, if someone was incidentally affected, it fell within the rules and was not a violation.

The Lei Jing formed by the Path of Destruction was now within that scope.

As for Star and Cancan, they would wait below the Sky-reaching Pillar. Once Xu Ran reached Leaf Arena Number Three, calling them up would be in time.

“Chah!” (Go for it, Ziyun!)

Cancan, still in its miniature state, stayed on Star’s back, waving its claws at Ziyun as a form of encouragement.

Worry was written in Star’s eyes, however.

“Xi Lu~” (Can Ziyun’s stamina keep up?)

It was common knowledge that among the trio, Ziyun had the weakest endurance.

No, Ziyun had absolutely no endurance.

With its explosive power, it might exhaust its strength in a very short time.

While Star was confident about Ziyun’s speed, if Ziyun ran out of energy halfway…

That would be quite awkward.

“Meow!” (Who are you looking down upon!)

Ziyun’s eyes flickered with discontent and it couldn’t help but huff.