Chapter 532: 294 Here, It'S Mine!_3

Chapter 532: Chapter 294 Here, it’s mine!_3

Now, it’s no longer the creature it used to be!

After all, it has reached the peak of the General stage as a Pet Beast, and you think it would exhaust its energy halfway up the Sky-reaching Pillar?

Ziyun raised its head, its eyes filled with a touch of pride.

Just a small tree… well, not that small.

Regardless, it will have no problem climbing to the top in one go!

Wriggling in Xu Ran’s arms, Ziyun quickly leaped down, its deliberately shrunken body returning to its original size rapidly.

Having broken through to the General Level, Ziyun’s true length was four to five meters, making it a Large Pet Beast, and carrying Xu Ran posed no issue whatsoever.

“Here I come,” Xu Ran said with a smile, grasping Ziyun’s soft and elegant fur, settling himself on its back.

And truth be told, sitting on Ziyun’s back felt completely different from sitting on Star’s. The soft fur gave Xu Ran the sensation of sitting on a throne draped with sable fur.

“Meow~” (Feels pretty good!)

Ziyun nodded in satisfaction, carrying Xu Ran and taking a few steps on the spot, getting used to the new state.

It really hadn’t carried Xu Ran before, as this task had always fallen to Star, and it felt a novel sensation for a while.

A moment later, a familiar voice resounded once again.

At the same time, the mental reward from the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu.

“The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, begins!”

Almost instantaneously as the mental message arrived, the competitors who had been ready below the Sky-reaching Pillar shot off like arrows released from bows, each using their own methods to charge towards the upper reaches of the pillar.

“Yoh—”

Accompanied by a sharp cry, the Broken Jade Kite, which seemed to be resting with closed eyes, suddenly opened its azure eyes and took off into the sky with a flap of its wings.

With the vigorous flapping, a whirlwind abruptly kicked up around, throwing up dust from the ground into the air.

Despite being a Fighting Attribute, its take-off momentum was even more ferocious than those of the Wind attribute.

An invisible force wrapped around its wings, as though an endless stream of power was erupting. The air was violently displaced, serving as a powerful force propelling it upwards.

The moment it lifted off, its figure became blurred, appearing like a streak of cyan light, rapidly darting toward the top of the Sky-reaching Pillar!

On another side, Zhao Tuo’s Pet Beast had changed to a different one by his side without anyone knowing when.

Gone was the fierce and formidable Fighting Pet Beast from before, replaced by a silhouette that seemed like a shadow or a ghost.

The instant the mental message descended, the shadowy figure enveloped Zhao Tuo and then slowly sank into the earth, turning into a vague black line on the ground, rushing toward the Sky-reaching Pillar, then along its exterior straight upward, its speed equally astonishing.

“Roar~”

With roars filled with a fierce aura, three Night Bears set off together, wasting no time in action.

Despite their massive bodies, their agility was impressive. Sharp claws viciously penetrated the outer wall of the pillar, and coupled with their powerful climbing, their ascent was swift.

Within mere breaths, they had climbed over a hundred meters.

Watching the competitors take the lead, Xu Ran shook his head and chuckled, then nodded at Star and Cancan, who had stayed in place.

“Ziyun, it’s our turn to make a move,” he said.

“Meow!” (No problem!)

Within Ziyun’s heterochromatic eyes, purple electric lights suddenly burst forth.@@novelbin@@

It had been waiting for this moment for far too long!

The new skill it had just acquired two days ago had only been used in the Training Area during the past two days, and it couldn’t wait to let its opponents witness its strength!

“Crackle—”

Accompanied by the grating sound of electric arcs piercing the air, Ziyun’s presence soared, and purple electricity violently exploded around it. Even its body seemed to transform into a semi-energetic form, taking on a translucent purple hue.

The next instant, Ziyun’s hind paws gripped the ground firmly, muscles tensed like a drawn bowstring, and after a very brief buildup of energy, it burst forth with power!

“Boom!!!”

Along with a deep thunderous sound, Ziyun’s figure disappeared on the spot, reappearing nearly instantaneously a hundred meters up the side of the Sky-reaching Pillar!

Simultaneously, a clear, light purple path formed instantly between its starting position and its current one.

Within that light purple path, lingering lightning sparks had not yet dissipated, and a potent Thunderforce could be discerned, enough to make anyone’s heart tremble.

Almost without pausing, Ziyun’s figure flashed again, another hundred meters accomplished, and a second light purple path was formed.

Then came the third, the fourth.

In the span of breaths, Ziyun had already reached a height of five hundred meters, leaving behind a path marked with long-lasting, clear creases wherever it passed.

The previous leaders that had been higher than it were suddenly left behind in a moment.

Now, the only creatures above Ziyun were a few Transcendent Beings extremely adept at speed from the flying category.

And Ziyun’s unexpected, silent strike immediately shocked all competitors, simultaneously drawing all the gazes from the spectator stands.

“Is that… Boss Xu?!”

Looking up, barely discerning that distant leading figure, Zhao Tuo’s expression suddenly became stupefied as he was about to commence his first hundred meter sprint.

So, Boss Xu’s Pet Beast is this powerful?!

That…

Thinking of the words he had just spoken to the other party, Zhao Tuo felt a sense of impending doom.

On the side of the Sky-reaching Pillar, the rapidly traversing black line also halted at the same moment, forming a tiny dark spot.

As shadows spread out from the spot, it soon revealed the figure of Tuoba Hai’s Dark Attribute Pet Beast. Tuoba Hai stepped out from within its body with a serious look in his eyes as he gazed at the empty space filled with Lei Jing’s presence, and then he glanced at his own Pet Beast.