Chapter 533: 294: This Place, Is Mine Now!_4

Chapter 533: Chapter 294: This Place, is Mine Now!_4

The Dark Attribute Pet Beast twisted its body, quickly separating a small cluster of shadows that lunged towards the Thunder Path.

“Crackle—”

The sudden explosion of lightning instantly devoured the shadow cluster, its terrifying majesty causing Tuoba Hai’s pupils to narrow slightly and prompting those contestants who were originally closer to the Thunder Path to feel like they were in imminent danger, quickly maintaining a certain distance from it.

Tuoba Hai looked up once again, his gaze thoughtful as he could barely make out Xu Ran’s retreating figure.

Thunder Attribute, huh…

He hadn’t expected Monster Wooden City to conceal such a formidable Beast Master.

The rewards for the number eight Leaf Arena and the rankings prize for the number four Leaf Arena were both of the Thunder Attribute; presumably, the opponent’s target was one of these two?

Thinking this, a trace of disappointment flickered across Tuoba Hai’s eyes.

Regrettably, their goals were not aligned. There would be no chance to confront each other in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

However, his disappointment was quickly replaced by a frenzy.

It didn’t matter. As long as that person was still in the Monster Wooden Domain, he would sooner or later seek them out for a battle!

He was once again swallowed by his own Pet Beast and then continued to climb upwards.

On the other side, the speed at which Xu Ran and Ziyun charged upwards had not slowed in the slightest with the passage of time.

In just a few breaths, they had already reached the middle section of the Sky-reaching Pillar.

Even those Transcendent Beings known for their incredibly fast flying speed who had taken the lead in the charge had fallen behind them one by one.

At this moment, the only thing still in front of them was that streak of cyan light.

Broken Jade Kite!

This Broken Jade Kite was truly mysterious; although not a Wind Attribute being, it overtook one Wind Attribute Transcendent Being after another with its formidable Fighting Attribute physical strength, seizing the lead from all contestants.

Yet, Xu Ran and Ziyun were slightly faster.

The distance between them closed gradually.

“Meow~” (Charge!)

As Ziyun fixed its gaze upon the Broken Jade Kite ahead, it seemed to be touched by the joy of the stars for a moment.

Thinking that the other could potentially be a strong competitor in the upcoming third arena battle, Ziyun couldn’t help but feel an impulse to measure itself against it.

The Broken Jade Kite, too, had already sensed the rapidly approaching presence below.

Mild surprise welled up in its heart as it couldn’t help but glance below with its aquamarine eyes.

A human Beast Master?

It could sense that the Pet Beast below was not stronger than itself, and was even subtly weaker, yet their speed seemed unreasonably fast.

Thunder Attribute, huh…

In that moment, due to the Pure Thunder Attribute Skill of Destruction used by Ziyun, the Broken Jade Kite had the same thought as Tuoba Hai.

If everything went as expected, the other’s target must be either the fourth or eighth arena.

And the resources for the Fighting Attribute were in the third and the eighth arenas.

Their goals overlapped, but it was not a significant problem.

Because the resources for the Fighting Attribute in these two arenas were different, and what the Broken Jade Kite needed was the Fighting Attribute resource housed in the third arena, the Extreme Source Vein Crystal.@@novelbin@@

“Boom!!!”

Accompanied by another deep thunderous sound, Ziyun’s figure instantaneously surpassed the Broken Jade Kite, becoming the highest among all contestants.

The Broken Jade Kite calmly watched as the others caught up without showing any reaction.

After all, their goals were not the same.

However, glimpsing the remnants of the Lei Jing near it, the Broken Jade Kite’s eyes showed a hint of interest.

With a powerful flap of its wings, a feather broke off, falling like a sharp dart, heading straight for the Lei Jing.

The next moment, the erupting lightning devoured the feather, and the clash of two different energies created a small energy storm.

Something doesn’t seem right…

Surprise flitted through the Broken Jade Kite’s heart.