Chapter 536: 295: Fierce Battle, Defend The Arena_3

Chapter 536: Chapter 295: Fierce Battle, Defend the Arena_3

It was precisely because it had figured things out that it could no longer see through them.

On top of its original might and speed, with the added ability to return, Broken Jade Kite was now entirely certain that the dual attribute pet beast’s speed skills exceeded the three-star threshold and had reached the level of four stars.

At the same level of four stars was also the hit that had just landed on it.

Thinking of that terrible strike, a trace of fear unavoidably flickered in Broken Jade Kite’s eyes.

If it had reacted just a bit slower, perhaps it would be lying down already?

In theory, only Emperor Species should possess four-star skills.

But after feeling Ziyun’s aura from up close, Broken Jade Kite could confirm that Ziyun had not completed its second evolution.

It was still the same King Species as itself.

Though puzzled, a stronger will to fight surged within Broken Jade Kite as a result.

Even if it did not know why the opponent had such powerful skills, as long as it was also at the General stage·King Species, there was no reason it would lose to the opponent!

Thinking of its own origins and identity, Broken Jade Kite took a deep breath and once again soared higher into the air.

Multiple shadows peeled off from its charging form, spinning rapidly around Broken Jade Kite and, together with its body, transforming into a whirling spear blade that shredded everything.

The next instant, like the Sword of Damocles, Broken Jade Kite, with an overwhelming momentum, thrust directly at the human and pet on the arena.

Three Star Skill, Halo Level·Broken Jade Killing Robbery!

“Meow!” (Coming again!)

Seeing Broken Jade Kite, which had just endured its strike and yet didn’t retreat from difficulty, Ziyun’s eyes shone with a ferocious light.

As it lifted its forepaw again, a thunderbolt encapsulating mysterious divine might descended from the void.

However, this time, the thunder did not strike the ground as before but fell upon Ziyun’s paw.

That mighty thunder, capable of tearing everything apart, tamed like a docile lamb in Ziyun’s claws, obediently converging according to Ziyun’s will and then further converging until it formed an almost solid, purplish-black Thunder Spear.

Anyone could feel the extremely dangerous and terrifying aura emanating from that spear.

It was a force of similar intensity to the earlier one, but much more solidified.

The Broken Jade Kite, hurtling towards the human and pet at full speed with lightning-like swiftness, also had its pupils constrict violently at this moment.

A tremendous sense of crisis emerged within it in an instant.

Then, in another instant, Ziyun made its move!

With an extremely light-motioned twist of its waist, an invisible power was infused into its claws in an instant, and with this strength belonging to the Fighting Attribute, Ziyun ferociously threw the spear it was clutching in its claws.

“Swoosh—”

Accompanied by a sharp howling of the wind, the purplish-black Thunder Spear turned into a lingering afterimage and rapidly flew out—it wasn’t a mere throw but one of the effects of God Lightning Rage Thunder’s second skill, unpredictable in might.

Watching the rapidly approaching purplish-black spear shadow and feeling the faint intent to lock on sweeping over, Broken Jade Kite’s pupils shrank to pinpoints, and a powerful determination erupted from within.

“Crack—”

With a crisp sound echoing across the Leaf Arena, the Broken Jade Kite, which was originally on a collision course with the purplish-black spear, dissipated into a sky filled with blue light and vanished, even escaping the lock-on power inherent in Astonishing Thunder Fury.

This…

Surprised looks appeared simultaneously on the faces of Xu Ran and Ziyun.

What’s going on?!

Outside the arena, the highly-exciting battle prompted gasps and heated discussions among countless spectators. When they saw Broken Jade Kite disappear, another wave of gasps erupted.

“What’s happening? Was Broken Jade Kite shattered?”

“How is that possible, the spear hadn’t even touched Broken Jade Kite; this must be an ability it activated on its own.”

“Don’t you know about Broken Jade Kite’s abilities? What is this?”

“This… I don’t know.”

“…Huh?”

“I’ve never heard about Broken Jade Kite having this ability before…”

As the spectators were discussing heavily with many starting to guess what ability Broken Jade Kite was displaying, on the other side of the stands, a gigantic lion with a formidable aura looked at Broken Jade Kite’s ability with a complex expression in its eyes.

“Woof—”

Before, were you wounded by it using this ability?

Next to it, another beast with a similarly terrifying aura, a land tortoise, asked in a deep voice, its eyes filled with curiosity.

“Roar~”

More or less.

The giant lion shook its head, apparently not too willing to recall that experience.

After all, as a Beast King, being defied by a Transcendent Being at the General stage and even getting wounded was nothing honorable for it.

“Roar~”

That human kid is going to lose.

The voice of the lion Beast King was filled with certainty.

Having witnessed Broken Jade Kite’s move, the lion Beast King was very clear that the human could not win.@@novelbin@@

“Woof—”

I, on the other hand, think that human will win.

The land tortoise Beast King’s eyes held a hint of interest as it looked towards Xu Ran and Ziyun on the Leaf Arena.

A General stage fellow possessing two skills with power surpassing three stars—it felt that the human might still have other surprises in store.

The lion Beast King stayed silent, focusing intently on Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three.

Skills surpassing three stars in strength…

Wasn’t what the Broken Jade Kite had just displayed also the same?

—————–

On Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three.

With its target suddenly vanishing, the purplish-black Thunder Spear ultimately stabbed into the Leaf Arena, blasting open countless terrifying fissures in it.