Chapter 537: 295: Fierce Battle, Defend The Arena_4

Chapter 537: Chapter 295: Fierce Battle, Defend the Arena_4

Streak after streak of green light timely emerged, the cracks visibly repaired at a speed discernible to the naked eye, but to leave such marks on the arena made from the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu at the General Level proved the mightiness of that strike.

However, Xu Ran and Ziyun did not take this to heart.

At the moment, the only thing on their minds was to find the suddenly vanished Broken Jade Kite.

“Ziyun, watch our surroundings,” Xu Ran commanded in a low shout, tightly gripping his long knife and slowly closing his eyes.

A sharp knife aura, as if it could split the heavens, surged from the blade, merging with Xu Ran’s momentum in a blink of an eye, then spread out in all directions.

Under this knife aura, with his eyes closed, Xu Ran acquired another way of sensing his surroundings, and thus faintly perceived a clue.

There was something hidden in the void all around.

They were countless invisible shards, too tiny for the naked eye to detect, floating lightly in the air and omnipresent throughout the Leaf Arena.

On each shard, there was a trace of the Broken Jade Kite’s aura, so faint and dispersed that Xu Ran and Ziyun had almost failed to detect it just now.

“Ziyun.”

“Meow?” (What do we do?)

“Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, cover the entire arena.”

“Meowww—”

After a brief exchange between master and pet, a commanding voice that carried authority suddenly echoed throughout the arena.

As the voice resounded, countless thunderbolts surged and erupted on Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three, transforming it into a Thunder Sea.

The grandeur of it was so unexpected that even Ziyun, the initiator, jumped in fright.

Feeling its power draining like a floodgate had been opened, Ziyun was instantly dumbfounded.

Since when had Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound become so powerful?!

Only Xu Ran, slowly opening his eyes, paid no attention to the ocean of thunder around him, leisurely rewrapped the cloth around his long knife, and then calmly slung it on his back as if he had anticipated all this.

Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound was Ziyun’s first Three Star Skill.

For a long time, it was Ziyun’s strongest output skill.

Although it was trending towards obsolescence due to the upgrading of other skills, in certain special circumstances, its role remained irreplaceable.

Such as now.

The essence of Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound is to hide Thunderforce within the sound, spreading it in all directions. During this process, any object the sound touches will cause the unstable Thunderforce to explode instantaneously.

At a low Proficiency level, Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound could only react to visible objects, causing thunder damage within range.

But as the Proficiency level of Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound increased, even objects invisible to the naked eye could not escape its assault.

The aforementioned invisible shards were among those affected.

Since there were innumerable shards, the might of Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound unleashed by Ziyun reached an unprecedented level.

Although Xu Ran was unclear about what the Broken Jade Kite would do next after using this ability, striking first was always the right move.

The current state of the Broken Jade Kite might make it difficult for many opponents to deal effective damage, but this didn’t include Ziyun.

“Yow…”

Letting out a pained and weak cry, the body of the Broken Jade Kite, along with the converging thunder light, reconstituted. Its azure-green eyes were filled with reluctance, and the twitching Electric Arcs around its body made it nearly impossible for it to twitch.

—————–

—————–

On Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three.

Accompanied by the sudden disappearance of the target, the purple-black thunder spear ultimately stabbed towards Leaf Arena, causing countless terrifying cracks to explode on the platform.@@novelbin@@

Streams of green light emerged timely, repairing the cracks at a speed visible to the naked eye, but leaving such marks on a platform crafted from Sky-touching Mysterious Wood by a Beast Emperor with General stage power was enough to demonstrate the terrible force of the strike.

However, Xu Ran and Ziyun did not take this to heart.

At this moment, they only had one thought in mind, which was to find that suddenly vanishing Broken Jade Kite.

“Ziyun, help me watch the surroundings,” Xu Ran exclaimed in a low voice, gripping his long sword and slowly closing his eyes.

A sharp sword momentum, as if it could split the heavens, rose from the blade, merged with Xu Ran’s aura in a blink of an eye, then spread out in all directions.

Under this sword momentum, Xu Ran, with his eyes closed, gained another way to perceive his surroundings, thus vaguely detecting a clue.

In the void around him, something was hidden.

It was countless bits of jade that were too small for the naked eye to detect, lightly floating in the air, ubiquitous across the entire Leaf Arena.

On every piece of broken jade, there was a trace of the Broken Jade Kite’s energy, so faint as to be almost imperceptible — because it was so thin and scattered, Xu Ran and Ziyun had barely noticed any sign of it before.

“Ziyun.”

“Meow?” (What should I do?)

“Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, cover the entire field.”

“Me-wow—”

After a brief exchange between human and pet, a domineering voice suddenly resounded throughout the field.

With the echo of the voice, suddenly, countless thunderbolts surged and burst across Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three, turning the whole area into a Thunder Sea.

The scale was so grand that even the originator Ziyun herself was startled.

Facing the power that drained as fast as a breached dam, Ziyun was instantly stunned.

Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound… when had it become so powerful?!

Only Xu Ran slowly opened his eyes, not even glancing at the surrounding sea of thunder, he leisurely wrapped his long sword in cloth again, and then calmly slung it on his back as if he had anticipated all of this.

Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound was Ziyun’s first Three Star Skill.

For a long time, it had been Ziyun’s strongest offensive skill.

Although now it seemed to be marginalized due to the upgrading of other skills, in certain situations, its usefulness was irreplaceable.

Like now.

The essence of Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound was to hide the Thunderforce in the sound, spreading it all around. During this process, any object touched by the sound would cause the unstable Thunderforce to explode instantly.

At low Proficiency levels, Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound could only react to visible objects, causing thunder damage within the area.

But as the Proficiency level of Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound increased, even things invisible to the naked eye could not escape its attack.

The previously unseen broken jade was one such object.

Because there were so many fragments of jade, the power of Ziyun’s Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound this time had reached an unprecedented level.

Although Xu Ran was not clear about what the Broken Jade Kite intended to do next after using this ability, it was always right to strike first.

For many opponents, causing effective damage to the Broken Jade Kite in this state might be difficult, but this did not include Ziyun.

“Yo…”

Producing a pained and weak cry, the body of the Broken Jade Kite reformed with the gathering thunder light, its eyes filled with reluctance. The continuously flickering Electric Arc around its body made it difficult to even twitch.

—————–