Chapter 547: 298: Beast Field Number Eight! Sudden Change!_2

Chapter 547: Chapter 298: Beast Field Number Eight! Sudden Change!_2

Good! Keep talking!

Xu Ran applauded the Broken Jade Kite madly in his heart, while secretly alarmed.

Could there really be as many as eleven Beast Saints in the eighth Beast Field…

Just consider, the Beast Emperor in the forty-seventh Beast Field probably doesn’t even have that many.

Xu Ran’s only impression of Saint Rank Transcendent Beings remained from what he had seen previously at the Transcendent Evolution Department of the Beast Master Association in Xieyun City.

It was the scene of the evolution of the number one pet beast of the Saint Rank in the Brilliant Holy Kingdom, and that mysterious and powerful Wheel of Life of the Saint Spirit had become the most profound memory Xu Ran had of the Saint Spirit level Transcendent Beings.

For a moment, Xu Ran couldn’t help but envision the spectacular sight of Wheels of Life of the Saint Spirit piercing through heaven and earth, and his heart surged with excitement.

Being able to stand firm in such a powerful beast domain, the strength of Broken Abyss City must also be noteworthy. How powerful could this Killing Spirit Saint be?

He couldn’t help but sit up straighter, leaning a little closer in the direction of the Broken Jade Kite, curious to see what other information might jump out of its mouth.

However, the Broken Jade Kite seemed not interested in continuing this topic, shaking its head and issuing a chirp.

“Forget it, let’s not talk about this~”

“Since we’ve all come to the Monster Wooden Domain, our goals should be the same.”

“Has Broken Abyss City also received the news?”

Upon hearing this, Xu Ran’s ears perked up instantly.

Although the Broken Jade Kite no longer mentioned the matters of the eighth Beast Field, leaving him somewhat regretful, the question it raised immediately after was seemingly brimming with information.

The Broken Jade Kite had come to the Monster Wooden Domain a few months ago, roughly around the time the supply of Mystical Wood Dew stopped. Now, mentioning so-called “goals,” and considering the undercurrents in the Monster Wooden Domain and the hinting words of the Beast Emperor from yesterday…

Xu Ran’s eyebrows furrowed slightly.

He had a feeling that something very important that he was unaware of was about to occur.

Ignoring Xu Ran’s silent contemplation, the Broken Jade Kite, as if finding a kindred spirit, had never doubted Xu Ran’s identity and continued speaking on its own accord.

“Sky-touching Mysterious Wood is attempting to break through to the Beast Saint. This holds significant implications, and if it succeeds, it will affect the existing power structure of not only the eighth Beast Field but also Broken Abyss City.”

“Although it’s on our side as a Transcendent Being, you’ve seen the situation in the Monster Wooden Domain. After breaking through to the Beast Saint level, it may not necessarily remain on our side; it’s more likely to be neutral.”@@novelbin@@

“My tribe’s Beast Saint has heard of Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s situation. Based on what it’s said, if Sky-touching Mysterious Wood truly completes its evolution, with ‘Order’ being its attribute post-transition, its future achievements will be boundless.”

“However, my tribe’s Beast Saint is not optimistic about its evolution.” The Broken Jade Kite calmly shook its head, “Otherwise, it wouldn’t have sent only me here to witness.”

“The humans from Broken Abyss City must really hope that Sky-touching Mysterious Wood successfully evolves, right?”

After babbling on for a while and yet to receive any response from Xu Ran, the Broken Jade Kite paused slightly, then turned its head to meet Xu Ran’s stupefied gaze.

“…You don’t know, do you?”

“Cough cough…” Xu Ran swallowed hard, struggling to digest the even larger influx of information and regain composure, “Of course I know.”

Still, his mind was overwhelmed by towering waves.

Sky-touching Mysterious Wood… is going to evolve!

Even though he had some vague guesses based on the Earth Raccoon’s descriptions, hearing it directly from the Broken Jade Kite still shocked him.

So, does that mean the evolution will happen soon?

The Broken Jade Kite was here for this evolution, and the eighth Beast Field was highly attentive to it?

What about Broken Abyss City then?

Xu Ran couldn’t help but feel puzzled.

The Broken Jade Kite had mistaken him for an emissary from Broken Abyss City, but he knew very well, he had no relation to Broken Abyss City whatsoever.

So… did Broken Abyss City not know about this?

At that thought, Xu Ran felt a slight sinking feeling.

In the Broken Jade Kite’s earlier words, there was also a piece of key information revealed, such as Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s intent to make “Order” its attribute after transitioning.

The word “Order” was not new to Xu Ran; he knew from what the Earth Raccoon had relayed that Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had mentioned it before.

But what did “attribute post-transition” mean?

Another question equally perplexed Xu Ran.

Knowing that Sky-touching Mysterious Wood was about to evolve, he had some speculations concerning the temporary cessation of Mystical Wood Dew’s emergence.

Just like a young pet beast before its evolution, keeping itself in peak condition, the provision of Mystical Wood Dew was also a drain for Sky-touching Mysterious Wood. Halting the drain could better prepare it for evolution.

But… why would Sky-touching Mysterious Wood still expend such tremendous energy and strength to maintain the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes if even the supply of Mystical Wood Dew had halted?

Xu Ran couldn’t help but look up at the Sky-reaching Pillar that towered into the clouds, stretching to the heavens.

Was there a special meaning behind such an action?

As Xu Ran’s mind stormed with thoughts, the Broken Jade Kite, because of the change in Xu Ran’s expression a moment before, began to have some doubts about him.

“Are you really sent here by Broken Abyss City?”

Even if a bit slow to catch on, the Broken Jade Kite had sensed something off by now.

“Ah, well…” Seeing no point in pretending any longer, Xu Ran scratched his head awkwardly, “Alright, I’m not.”

The Broken Jade Kite: “…”

So it had just rambled on, all for nothing?!