Chapter 546: 298: Beast Field Number Eight! Sudden Change!

Chapter 546: Chapter 298: Beast Field Number Eight! Sudden Change!

The four-day long Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes reached its final and most spectacular day, as today’s contenders were all powerful fighters from the King Stage.

Even the Sky-reaching Pillar, formed by the body of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, appeared much more majestic and spectacular than in previous days, having reached a second instance of its size by comparison.

Therefore, the audience that came to the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes today was the largest of the four days.

After Xu Ran and his three little companions were seated, the previously empty seats around them were quickly filled with Humans and wild Transcendent Beings. Judging by the excited discussions, they were all looking forward to the upcoming matches.

Accompanied by the howling of the wind, a figure like green jade landed beside the one human and three pets, its sharp claws capable of tearing through metal and stone tightly grasping the branches, standing calmly.

Looking at the Broken Jade Kite, which had been defeated by Ziyun the previous day, Xu Ran’s face showed a hint of surprise.

Why had it come to his side?

The Broken Jade Kite glanced at Ziyun with a hint of wariness, then let out a low chirping sound.

This chirping was not a simple beast cry; it was mixed with some obscure and complex syllables, giving it an odd rhythmic sense.

To his surprise, Xu Ran found that through this rhythmic sense, he could understand the other party’s meaning to some extent.

“Human, did you also come to the 47th Beast Field from someplace else?”

“Indeed,” Xu Ran nodded frankly.

For him, his original home was Qingzhou City, located in the 97th Beast Field, which was indeed an outsider to the 47th Beast Field.

Upon hearing this, the Broken Jade Kite showed an expression of “as I thought.”

After being defeated by Ziyun yesterday and returning, it couldn’t figure out why such a powerful figure had suddenly emerged, disrupting its plan to acquire resources.

Moreover, possessing Four Stars Skills while being of a King Species didn’t sound like something that should exist in a Beast Emperor-level Beast Field.

After some thought, the Broken Jade Kite came to the only possibility it could think of: that the other party, harboring a similar purpose, likewise came from a place beyond the Beast Emperor-level Beast Fields.

Upon inquiring briefly about Xu Ran, and learning that Xu Ran had also arrived in the Monster Wooden Domain within the past two months, the Broken Jade Kite became more certain of its speculation.

Now, it had received confirmation from Xu Ran’s own mouth.

After answering the Broken Jade Kite’s question, Xu Ran looked at it, “Why do you ask? And you used ‘also,’ which suggests you’re not from the 47th Beast Field either, are you?”

Hearing Xu Ran’s inquiry, the Broken Jade Kite slightly lifted its head with a bit of pride in its eyes and chirped again.

“Correct. I, like you, come from the 8th Beast Field. You must be a human from Broken Abyss City, right? Have you ever heard of the Liuyu Saint Clan?”

“Wait a second…”

Xu Ran suddenly raised his hand to interrupt, then rubbed his brow.@@novelbin@@

That was a lot to take in.

When he had first learned the significance of the Beast Fields from Gu Wu, he had been told that the top ten Beast Fields were Beast Saint-level Fields, inhabited by formidable beings of the Saint Rank, places of extreme danger. The 8th Beast Field was among them.

Further understanding had granted Xu Ran more information.

He was currently living in a country called Shining Holy Kingdom.

This kingdom was very, very large and unlike the nations of his past life, resembling more a federation composed of human cities of various sizes, governed by the sole First-level Capital, Broken Abyss City.

The Shining Holy Kingdom wasn’t the only country in the world. Within its domain, there was only one of the top ten Beast Fields, the 8th Beast Field.

As for the situation beyond the Shining Holy Kingdom and the other nine Beast Saint-level Fields, to Xu Ran, it was still a blank slate.

So…this Broken Jade Kite came from the 8th Beast Field? And its background was not minor?

Liuyu Saint Clan… Couldn’t ‘Saint Clan’ mean a clan that has a Saint Rank Transcendent Being?!

Xu Ran couldn’t help taking a few more glances at the Broken Jade Kite.

He knew that it had a mysterious origin, but he hadn’t expected it to be so mysterious.

And because of his own answer, the other party seemed to have mistaken him for someone from Broken Abyss City.

At this moment, Xu Ran resisted the urge to reveal the truth.

Since the other party believed so, let it continue to believe it a little longer.

Having finally encountered a creature of extraordinary origin, he should fish for more information to understand more about the 8th Beast Field and Broken Abyss City.

The three little ones who shared Xu Ran’s mind seemed to understand intuitively, each quickly lowered their heads, trying hard not to let the Broken Jade Kite see their stifled smiles.

“You guessed right, but I don’t know much about the Liuyu Saint Clan,” Xu Ran posed with a similarly proud attitude, hands clasped behind his back, and spoke deliberately.

“Hmph~”

The Broken Jade Kite let out a low hum, dissatisfaction flickering in its eyes, but it didn’t say more.

Within the 8th Beast Field, there was more than one Beast Saint in charge.

At that level, their relations with the human’s Beast Saints weren’t completely about life-and-death enmity; the relationships were quite complex.

As Xu Ran had speculated, the Broken Jade Kite belonged to the Liuyu Saint Clan, and the clan’s strongest member was actually a Saint Spirit Rank Transcendent Being known as Liuyu Beast-Saint.

The Liuyu Beast-Saint didn’t have much interaction with Broken Abyss City, so it was normal for humans to be unaware of it and its species.

“Our clan’s Beast-Saint’s strength is unfathomable. Even among the eleven Beast-Saints of the 8th Beast Field, it ranks in the upper tier,” bragged the Broken Jade Kite, “It has clashed with the Killing Spirit Saint from your Broken Abyss City without falling behind.”