Chapter 545 - 297: Reward Obtained, Unexpected Surprise!_4

Chapter 545: Chapter 297: Reward Obtained, Unexpected Surprise!_4

Compared to the calmness of the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor, a strong interest flashed in the beautiful eyes of the Gold-Blue Dragon.

“Wu~”

His three Pet Beasts seemed to have mastered Four Stars Skills.

Especially the first one, who had more than one Four Stars Skill.

As an Emperor Species that had completed its second evolution, the Gold-Blue Dragon was all too familiar with the strength of Four Stars Skills; with just a distant observation, it had already discerned the depth of the three little ones.

And this, was the most curious point for it.

Without evolution, how could they possess Four Stars Skills?

“Sss~”

It was his Earth attribute Pet Beast that had received a response from the Beast Emperor not long ago.

Another voice, at this moment, came through.

It belonged to the last of the three Quasi Emperors, a giant tortoise covered all over with rocks.

Its Body type was over three hundred meters, close to Cancan’s current primeval Body type.

However, compared to Cancan, its form was entirely that of a tortoise, devoid of any dragon traits. Its rocky shell bore the mottled marks of many years, suggesting it had lived for a very long time.

Overlord Stage·Emperor Species, Tortoise of Longevity.

As the gaze turned to the Tortoise of Longevity, both the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor and the Gold-Blue Dragon showed a bit more respect in their eyes.

In terms of strength, among the three, the Tortoise of Longevity could only be considered the weakest.

But in status, the three generally held the Tortoise of Longevity in the highest regard.

Because this Tortoise of Longevity was the earliest follower of the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu.

It was said that when the Sky-reaching Mysterious Wood was still but a sapling, this old turtle liked to rest beneath it; the two supported each other throughout the journey and shared a bond of exceptional depth.

And the Tortoise of Longevity was also the only one who could communicate with the Beast Emperor at any time.

Even now, when the Beast Emperor frequently fell into silence, the Tortoise of Longevity was still able to get a response each time.

Of course, the Tortoise of Longevity would not abuse this kinship to easily disturb the Sky-reaching Mysterious Wood, whose condition was deteriorating; it would only seek its opinion when necessary.

Also because of this special bond, the Tortoise of Longevity represented the will of the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu to a certain extent.

For the first time, the always silent Dark Abyss Bear Emperor spoke up.

“Roar~”

Is it because that Earth attribute Pet Beast has a form that you recognize?

A trace of mirth appeared in the eyes of the Tortoise of Longevity as it nodded slightly, then shook its head.

It was somewhat aware of that day’s events.

The Tortoise of Longevity, familiar with the Sky-reaching Mysterious Wood, knew that Cancan had awakened it partly because it, too, was a Transcendent Being of the Earth attribute turtle kind with such an exaggerated Body type, and on the other hand, it was because it sensed Cancan’s astonishing potential.

As for the Tortoise of Longevity itself, it also held a certain fondness for Cancan.

Apart from the natural affinity shared by those of the same attribute, it also vaguely sensed an indescribable kinship from Cancan.

It seemed as if Cancan was kin it had never met before.

However, having lived for such a long time, the Tortoise of Longevity had encountered too many kin of all sorts, so it could not be certain.

Nevertheless, that Earth attribute Pet Beast made it feel warmly close.

“Wu~”

What a pity.

Seeing the expression of the Tortoise of Longevity, the Gold-Blue Dragon shook its head, its eyes showing a hint of disappointment.

Originally, it wanted to seek out the other party to uncover the secret of how they had mastered Four Stars Skills ahead of time.

But since the Tortoise of Longevity and the Beast Emperor were paying attention to it, it would be best not to attempt lightly.

Shaking its head, the Gold-Blue Dragon quenched a certain thought in its mind and then quickly changed the subject.

“Wu?”

Why has the Beast Emperor asked us to preside over the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes this time?

In the past, the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes commenced yearly.

For the three Overlord Stage Quasi Emperors, it was a minor quarrel amongst the younger generation and they did not pay too much attention; if one or two of them showed up, they would not stay throughout.

For all three to appear simultaneously and preside over the entire event was unprecedented.

And this was all because the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Xuanmu had made an advance request.

The request was somewhat inexplicable, and now that it was already the third day, the Gold-Blue Dragon could not help but inquire about the specifics.

Hearing this question, the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor likewise turned its gaze toward the Tortoise of Longevity.@@novelbin@@

It too wanted to hear the explanation from the Tortoise of Longevity.

After the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Xuanmu had temporarily stopped the supply of Mystical Wood Dew, the atmosphere throughout the Monster Wooden Domain had gradually begun to change.

Even in this session of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, there had been some changes that weren’t usually present.

Of all these changes, the Tortoise of Longevity should have been the most aware amongst the three of them.

But… this old fellow was very tight-lipped, not letting slip the slightest hint.

Facing the probing gazes of the other two Quasi Emperors, the Tortoise of Longevity’s eyes showed a trace of helplessness.

This wasn’t the first time the other two had tried to probe into the state of affairs regarding the Beast Emperor.

Although it was privy to some information, this was absolutely not to be divulged.

After pondering for a moment, the Tortoise of Longevity began to speak slowly.

“Sigh~”

All I can say is that there may soon be a considerable crisis emerging in the Monster Wooden Domain. If we successfully weather it, the Monster Wooden Domain will see new development, but if we cannot endure it, the entire Monster Wooden Domain, might well cease to exist.

And during the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, is when the crisis is most likely to arrive.

Hearing the Tortoise of Longevity speak in such a way, the other two Quasi Emperors exchanged a glance and fell into silence.

As intelligent as they were, they quickly made some inferences and their expressions became grave.

Is the catastrophe approaching?

Unaware that the three Quasi Emperors were engaged in such a serious exchange, Xu Ran who had just fended off the Night Bear once again carelessly sat cross-legged on the Leaf Arena, continuing the meditation that had been interrupted before.

Three little Pet Beasts guarded the periphery, protecting Xu Ran.

The way Star Ao’s head was held higher than before showed that the newly acquired Four Stars skill had been effective in the recent battle, giving it significant confidence.

It had finally caught up with the pace of the other two little ones!

In the time that followed, no more challengers appeared on Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three.

Anyone could see that among all the tough opponents, Xu Ran was certainly the toughest to crack.

Instead of making an attempt on that platform, it would be better to seek opportunities on other arenas.

And the audience had gradually become accustomed to the unique scene on Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three.

With all three Pet Beasts displaying such formidable strength, Xu Ran indeed had every right to meditate so casually during the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

Only…

Considering that this man’s identity was that of a Foster Shop owner, the audience still harbored an indescribable sentiment.

They had seen the outrageous, but never something quite this outrageous.

Ultimately, the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes drew to a close amidst a familiar rustling sound.

The intensely combative tournament had come to a halt.

A hundred Leaf Arenas each had found their masters, and the leaf rewards hidden within the Leaf Arenas revealed their true forms as the energy shrouding them dissipated one by one.

On Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three, a man and his three Pet Beasts had surrounded the newly emerged Extreme Source Vein Crystal.

The Extreme Source Vein Crystal was a clear, light purple crystal with sharp protrusions on its surface, resembling that of a sea urchin. At its very core, one could see a thread of silvery white liquid slowly circulating.

Just by getting close, the man and his three Pet Beasts could feel its powerful energy.

It was the power of a resource that exceeded the King Stage level, rich and potent.

Ziyun felt its Fighting Attribute power surge wildly, a visceral longing for life making it want to swallow the resource whole without hesitation.

Undoubtedly, this resource would be of great benefit to it.

It’s no wonder that it was one of the main materials for evolving into an Emperor Species.

sensing Ziyun’s intention, Xu Ran stretched out a hand to stop it and took out a resource storage box he had prepared earlier, carefully storing the Extreme Source Vein Crystal.

As the box closed, the energy was completely sealed within.

Ziyun shook its head, returning to normal.

After stowing the box away, Xu Ran smiled.

“Alright, let’s go and claim the other resource.”