Chapter 549 - 298: Beast Field Number Eight! Sudden Change!_4

Chapter 549: Chapter 298: Beast Field Number Eight! Sudden Change!_4

All this was because the evolution of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood was happening today.

If the evolution were successful, it would ascend to the Holy Spirit Race, destined to be future warriors of Saint Rank.

If Broken Jade Kite’s words had no issue, then the Attribute of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood after evolution would be Order.

Bearing the Order Attribute, it was bound to maintain the stable condition of the Monster Wooden Domain and, with its more formidable strength, bring such states to even more places.@@novelbin@@

This was not for other creatures but for the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself.

Therefore… Xu Ran held a supportive and blessing attitude towards the evolution of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

“Ah~ What a pity!” Suddenly, Broken Jade Kite, still being held down by Ziyun, sighed faintly, “The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood wanting to evolve isn’t so simple.”

“Does it have a very low success rate for its evolution?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but nervously ask.

“Probably about a ten percent success rate,” Broken Jade Kite glanced at the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood in the distance, “It prepared for so long, so a slightly higher success rate is normal.”

Xu Ran: “…”

“That success rate can be considered high?”

“Of course!” Broken Jade Kite glared at Xu Ran, “This is the evolution of the Holy Spirit Race, having a ten percent success rate is already defying the heavens!”

“Is that so…” Xu Ran fell silent for a moment, “Then what did you mean by it’s not so easy?”

“Hehe~” Broken Jade Kite suddenly chuckled slyly, “Because…”

“In the 47th Beast Field, there are also seven Beast Emperors…”

Xu Ran’s pupils slightly contracted, and an ominous premonition suddenly arose in his heart.

The very next moment, the earth violently trembled.

While he had been conversing with Broken Jade Kite, the King Stage level of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes had already begun, with mighty Beast Kings and King Level Beast Masters clashing in several exchanges. Xu Ran, preoccupied by more pressing matters, had paid no attention to the battle.

During that instant, all the King Stage competitors halted their fighting at the same time, and along with the audience, which had fallen into dead silence, they looked towards a certain direction with eyes filled with horror and astonishment.

A Giant Dragon with a body length of a kilometer, shimmering in golden brilliance, was approaching step by step.

Its presence rose to the skies, agitating all around it, and even though the actual body was still miles away, the overwhelming force came rolling in like a landslide.

Furthermore, violent roars and tremors from the earth kept coming with each step of the golden Giant Dragon, sending the entire Monster Wooden Domain into turmoil.

A moment later, shocking exclamations and screams abruptly sounded from the spectator stands, with phrases like “Golden” and “Beast Emperor” faintly discernible.

In that instant, Xu Ran’s expression rapidly changed.

In terms of size, the Giant Beast before him might not even compare to Cancan in its Sumi state, but compared to Cancan’s terrifying aura, it was like comparing a tsunami to a small pond.

That aura surpassed the reach of a Beast King. Even an existence at the Overlord stage would be far inferior.

That was… the aura of an Emperor Stage!

“This one must be the Golden Dragon Emperor from the 47th Beast Field, right?” Broken Jade Kite wore an expression that seemed to relish in the unfolding drama. Then, turning resignedly towards Ziyun, “Can you let me go now? I need to run for my life.”

“If nothing unexpected happens, it’s not the only one coming.”

“A clash of Beast Emperors, a mere echo of their collision alone is enough to obliterate me.”

“Ziyun, let it go,” Xu Ran looked deeply at Broken Jade Kite, “Today’s events were all misunderstandings. If I have a chance to visit the 8th Beast Field later, I will pay a visit to your Liuyu Saint Clan.”

The premise being that by then he could win against that Liuyu Beast-Saint.

Xu Ran silently added in his mind.

“I don’t want to see you again!” Broken Jade Kite muttered grumpily, ensuring Ziyun was no longer holding it down, then immediately flapped its wings violently, speeding away in the direction farthest from the two Beast Emperors.

“Xi Lu~” (What should we do then?)

Star let out a whinny, its gaze towards Xu Ran filled with inquiry.

At this moment, the creatures around were already fleeing in panic due to the ferocious approach of another Beast Emperor.

The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood did not prevent the creatures of the Monster Wooden Domain from fleeing. Instead, it opened its shelter to them, shielding them from the oppression of the Golden Dragon Emperor’s might.

“Go!” Xu Ran didn’t hesitate. He took Ziyun and Cancan and mounted the back of Star, “Let’s get to a farther place!”

The Broken Jade Kite couldn’t survive the aftermath of the battle between the two Beast Emperors, and neither could he, could he?

The only plan for now was to get away.

But… Xu Ran didn’t want to just leave the Monster Wooden Domain.

He wanted to see with his own eyes what it looked like for an Emperor Species to evolve into a Holy Spirit Race.

He wanted to confirm whether the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood could complete its evolution under such difficult circumstances.

“Screech!!!”

A sharp cry, carrying a terrifying sense of oppression and astonishing high temperatures, descended from the heavens, bearing down on the entire Monster Wooden Domain.

Under the sweeping heatwave, the originally fertile soil of the Monster Wooden Domain began to dry and crack at a visible rate, with massive amounts of water being evaporated into thin air.

A giant bird, enshrouded in golden-red flames and shaped like a sun wrapped in firelight, impossible to see clearly, appeared and launched the first probing attack on the Monster Wooden Domain.

Beast Emperor No. 47 of the Beast Field, the Flaming Crow Emperor!

“Go!” Xu Ran’s pupils shrank as he urged in a low shout.

The second Beast Emperor had arrived; who knew if there would still be any hope of escaping if they delayed any longer.

“Xi Lu Lu~”

Star understood the urgency of the situation, neighed fiercely, and with its front hooves raised, sped off towards the direction the Broken Jade Kite had fled for its life.

As Star passed by, a torrent of Earth attribute Power surged into the sky, clashing heavily with the scorching heatwave that was bearing down from above.

The powers of the Fire Attribute and Earth attribute collided with each other in the void, their shattered forces entwined, transforming into an unbounded energy storm that lashed out in all directions.

In successfully diffusing this probe, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood shook violently, like a canopy covering the heavens, and a green face quickly emerged in the void, its eyes filled with bewilderment and confusion.

“What is the purpose of you two visiting my Monster Wooden Domain?”

The Golden Dragon Emperor stopped in its tracks, standing at the edge of the Monster Wooden Domain, with a pair of crimson eyes staring at the face of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

Its body was much, much smaller compared to the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

However, in their clash of auras, the Golden Dragon Emperor did not seem to be much weaker.

With a fierce roar, the intent of the Golden Dragon Emperor swept across in all directions.

“Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, do you aspire to become a Saint?”

“Become a Saint? Who told you that?” the face of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood slowly shook its head, “Such a level is not something we can aspire to, is it?”

The Golden Dragon Emperor was at a loss for words; upon hearing Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s unequivocal denial, puzzlement also emerged in its eyes.

Could it be… their information was mistaken?

In the next moment, an increasingly massive amount of Earth attribute Power suddenly emerged from deep within the ground.

“It’s buying time!”

The Flaming Crow Emperor let out a sharp cry, like a sun that had suddenly fallen, and charged toward the true body of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

“Stop it!”

Streams of golden-red flames swept past, igniting eternal fires that engulfed vast areas of the Monster Wooden Domain in flames in an instant!

The Golden Dragon Emperor quickly realized it had almost been deceived. Within its crimson eyes, anger and killing intent surged, and the golden dragon scales gleamed brilliantly as all its power gathered in its dragon claws, striking fiercely toward the ground.

“Boom!!!”

Accompanied by a world-ending boom, about one-tenth of the Monster Wooden Domain turned into soaring dust in this one attack, utterly obliterated!

Sensing similarly powerful auras quickly approaching from different directions!

After a moment of silence, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood let out a long sigh.

“What’s the point?”