Chapter 544 - 297: Reward Obtained, Unexpected Surprise!_3

Chapter 544: Chapter 297: Reward Obtained, Unexpected Surprise!_3

“`

And although it knew some things, these things were absolutely not to be revealed.

After pondering for a moment, the Tortoise of Longevity slowly opened its mouth.

“Sss~”

All I can say is that in the near future, the Monster Wooden Domain might face a significant crisis. If it manages to endure, the Monster Wooden Domain will witness new developments; however, if it fails to do so, the entire Monster Wooden Domain might cease to exist.

And during the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, it is when the crisis is most likely to occur.

Hearing such words from the Tortoise of Longevity, the other two Quasi Emperors exchanged a look and fell silent.

As clever as they were, they quickly thought of something, and their expressions grew solemn.

Is the catastrophe upon us?

Utterly unaware of the profound conversation happening between the three Quasi Emperors, Xu Ran, after repelling the Night Bear, once again carelessly sat cross-legged on the Leaf Arena and resumed the meditation that had been interrupted before.

The three little ones encircled him, guarding Xu Ran.

From the way Star Ao held his head higher than before, it was clear that the newly acquired Four Stars skill had played a significant role, boosting its confidence.

It had finally caught up with the other two little ones!

For the following time, no challengers appeared on Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three.

Anyone could see that among the tough nuts to crack, Xu Ran was certainly the toughest.

Rather than stepping up to try, it was better to look for opportunities on other platforms.

And the audience also gradually got used to the unique scenery of Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three.

With all three Pet Beasts showing such formidable strength, Xu Ran certainly had the right to meditate audaciously in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

But…

Remembering that this man was the owner of a Foster Shop, the audience still harbored an indescribable emotion.

They had seen ridiculous things, but nothing as ridiculous as this.

Eventually, the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes came to an end amidst a familiar rustling sound.

The intense competition for the arenas drew to a close.

A hundred Leaf Arenas each found their masters, and the rewards hidden within those arenas slowly dissipated the energy shrouding them, revealing their true form.

On Leaf Fighting Platform Number Three, one man and three beasts surrounded the newly appeared Extreme Source Vein Crystal.

The Extreme Source Vein Crystal was a piece of light purple, clear crystal, with sharp protuberances like a sea urchin on its surface. Inside it, one could see a silver-white droplet flowing slowly.

Mere proximity allowed the man and three beasts to feel its powerful energy.

That was a force beyond the level of the King Stage, dense and strong.

Ziyun felt its Fighting Attribute power crazily surging, a primal longing for life making it almost unable to resist the urge to devour the resource in one gulp.

Undoubtedly, this resource would be of great help to it.

No wonder then that it was one of the main materials for evolving into an Emperor Species.

Sensing Ziyun’s impulse, Xu Ran stretched out a hand to stop it and took out an already prepared resource storage box to carefully put away the Extreme Source Vein Crystal.

The moment the box closed, the energy was completely blocked inside.

Ziyun shook its head and regained its composure.

After securing the box, Xu Ran smiled.@@novelbin@@

“Alright, let’s go claim the other reward,” he said.

—————–

However, seeing their leader approaching, the two Night Bears already knew what he intended.

With a resigned look at each other, they voluntarily stepped down from the arena, giving up the Sixth Leaf Blade Arena to their leader and headed towards the platforms numbered beyond ten.

Among platforms number eleven to twenty, there were two more that awarded Dark-type Rewards; they could each claim one if they acted.

“Roar~”

Watching its leaving companions with a hint of guilt, the leader of the Night Bears suddenly had a premonition and turned sharply to look in a certain direction of the stands.

Immediately after, a look of self-reproach and guilt swiftly crossed its face.

In the stands, a powerful figure, black as ink and enveloped in dark fog, had its front paws crossed and was seated at the best spot available.

The creature wasn’t large, about three meters tall, yet the aura it exuded was unfathomably deep, as if it could swallow all probing forces whole.

Even the existence at the Beast King Level had to remain silent in its presence.

The Clan Leader of the Night Bear lineage, the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor.

This was the Night Bear’s Evolutionary Form, an Overlord stage Emperor Species’ being.

Watching the most excellent General Level member of its clan fall so quickly on Leaf Arena Number Three, then scurrying to the sixth, the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor withdrew its gaze, its expression neither sad nor joyful.

The human Beast Master’s previous two battles had also been witnessed by the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor.

As such, although surprised at the defeat of its kin, it wasn’t overly so.

The opponent was indeed stronger; it was a pity about that precious Dark Attribute resource.

“Hmm~”

This human kid does have some peculiarities.

A low growl came from the side of the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor.

It was a Feather Dragon, its body shimmering with bright green patterns, and six pairs of azure-gold wings on its back.

Unlike the traditional Scale Dragon Type, it had the body of a dragon but no scales, covered in feathers instead, and only around the azure-gold eyes were there rings of golden scales, giving it an even more striking appearance.

As splendid as its appearance was the fact that its strength rivaled that of the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor.

It was the Clan Leader of another one of the three major Quasi Emperor clans, the Blue Feather Dragon Clan, the Gold-Blue Dragon.

“`