Chapter 548 - 298: Beast Field Number Eight! Sudden Change! - 3

Chapter 548: Chapter 298: Beast Field Number Eight! Sudden Change! – 3

“However, you seem to know a lot; could you tell me more?” Xu Ran quickly leaned in, flashing a good-natured smile.

“You…” Broken Jade Kite intended to refuse without hesitation, but it suddenly felt a barely perceptible sense of danger emanating from Ziyun beside it.

Recalling the awful state of yesterday’s battle, it quickly became more docile, “What do you want to ask?”

“Nothing much.” Xu Ran amiably patted the back of Broken Jade Kite, “You just mentioned that the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu would take order as its attribute after leaping, what does that mean?”

“…You don’t know about this either?” Astonishment tinged Broken Jade Kite’s gaze as it looked at Xu Ran.

Originally, Xu Ran denied coming from Broken Abyss City, and Broken Jade Kite simply thought that he was from another power at the same level.

But, Xu Ran’s question made Broken Jade Kite suddenly realize that it had completely misjudged the situation.

How could someone who has had contact with existences at the Saint Rank not even know such common knowledge?

Pride briefly flitted across its eyes, but quickly subsided under Ziyun’s threatening glare, “Transcendent Beings evolve from the Emperor Species to the Holy Spirit Race, experiencing an attribute leap in the process.”

“Their attributes will no longer be the traditional ten major attributes but will transform into unique high-level attributes based on their individual comprehension of power and rules.”

“If the ten major attributes are like a liquid state, then the high-level attributes are like a solid state, entirely different in terms of energy levels, which is why there is an absolute chasm between the Holy Spirit Race and the Emperor Species.”

After simply explaining the significance of attribute leap, Broken Jade Kite couldn’t help but snort proudly.

“Now you see how powerful the Saint Rank is?”

“This Kite was born into the Holy Race, I advise you not to…”

Xu Ran rubbed his chin in deep thought, interrupting casually.

“Ziyun.”

“Crackle—”

Accompanied by a sharp sound of Electric Arc, Broken Jade Kite became as docile as a quail in an instant.

Meanwhile, thanks to Broken Jade Kite’s explanation, Xu Ran’s mind was suddenly brimming with thoughts.

It turns out that the ten major attributes are not the only attributes in the world; they are more like a basis when Transcendent Beings reach the level of the Holy Spirit Race, they evolve from the basic attributes into more powerful advanced attributes.

In a flash, Xu Ran thought of the power of Divine Punishment exhibited by Ziyun, the unique Starlight Power of the stars, and Cancan’s Dragon Power.

Could this be a glimpse into the embryonic form of advanced attributes?

Coming to this conclusion, Xu Ran massaged his temples.

What Broken Jade Kite said should be true.

So far, the only Saint Rank Transcendent Being he had ever seen was a nearly breathless image, but now, with the concept of attribute leap, looking back at that image, Xu Ran still found some validation.

The unknown First Spirit of the Radiant Empire showed indeed a starkly different display of powers from its original attributes at the moment of its evolution.

And the only way to gain a clearer understanding of this change was one.

That was to witness the birth of a Holy Spirit Race being with his own eyes.

“Did the evolution of Sky-touching Mysterious Wood take place after the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes?” Turning to Broken Jade Kite, who seemed to know quite a bit, Xu Ran suddenly asked.

Hearing this question, Broken Jade Kite’s expression turned somewhat unnatural.

It seemed very reluctant to answer this question.

“Meow~” (Behave!)

Ziyun slowly lifted a paw wrapped in thunder and light, pressing it onto Broken Jade Kite, the action filled with intimidation.

Broken Jade Kite shuddered, inwardly lamenting, but still spoke honestly, “It’s happening today.”

“What?!”

Xu Ran’s pupils slightly dilated.

Today?! You’ve got to be joking!

He abruptly looked towards the Sky-reaching Pillar that the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had become, and then at the near-silent true body of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself.

Today was the last day of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes; having spent such significant energy on the battle, why wouldn’t the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood wait a few days before evolving?

Its condition was already poor, and after such extensive energy consumption from the battle, was there really a chance it could successfully evolve?

As Xu Ran stood bewildered, the next words from Broken Jade Kite answered all of his questions.

“The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes is the Evolution Ritual of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.”

“Since the very first Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, it has been preparing for this evolution.”

“After many rehearsals of the ritual, this time, it’s for real.”

Evolution Ritual!

Xu Ran was surprised at first but then understood.

He was not unfamiliar with the Evolution Ritual.

The three little ones had gone through their respective Evolution Rituals while evolving from the Leader Species to the King Species.@@novelbin@@

And in the future, as they evolve from the King Species to the Emperor Species, the Evolution Ritual would be unavoidable.

The Evolution Ritual was unpredictable and sometimes illogical, yet paradoxically fitting for the evolutionary process of Transcendent Beings, significantly enhancing their chances of successful evolution.

Upon learning from Broken Jade Kite’s words that the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes was the Evolution Ritual of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, the questions Xu Ran could not understand earlier now had answers.

Why did the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood stop supplying Mystical Wood Dew a few months in advance to prepare for its evolution, yet still insisted on holding the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes?

Why did the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, yesterday, seem to persuade him to leave this place sooner?