Chapter 543: 297: Reward In Hand, Unexpected Change!_2

Chapter 543: Chapter 297: Reward in Hand, Unexpected Change!_2

Thus, it was neither surprised nor overly concerned by the defeat of its younger kin.

The opponent was indeed stronger, it was just regrettable to lose that precious Dark-type Resource.

“Wuu~”

This human boy, however, is quite remarkable.

A deep, throaty call emanated from the side of the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor.

It was a Feather Dragon whose body shimmered with bright green patterns and who bore six pairs of turquoise-golden wings on its back.

Unlike the traditional Scale Dragon Type, it had a dragon’s body but no scales, covered instead with feathers. Only around its turquoise-golden eyes was there a ring of golden scales, adding a touch of stunning beauty.

Matching its striking appearance was its strength, which was on par with that of the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor.

This was the Clan Leader of the Blue Feather Dragon Clan, one of the three great Quasi-Emperor ranks, the Gold-Blue Dragon.

Compared to the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor’s placid disposition, the Gold-Blue Dragon’s beautiful eyes showed a strong and keen interest.

“Wuu~”

All three of his Pet Beasts seemed to possess Four Stars Skills.

Especially the first one, which had more than one Four Star Skill.

As an Emperor Species that had completed its second evolution, the Gold-Blue Dragon was all too familiar with the potency of Four Stars Skills, and it had already discerned the full extent of the three young ones’ abilities from a mere observation.

And that was what intrigued it the most.

How could it possess Four Stars Skills without having evolved?

“Sus~”

The one that received a response from the Beast Emperor was his Earth attribute Pet Beast.

Another voice sounded at this moment.

It came from the last of the three Quasi-Emperors, a giant tortoise covered in rocks.@@novelbin@@

Its body spanned more than three hundred meters, roughly the size of Cancan’s original form at the moment.

However, unlike Cancan, it was entirely tortoise-like without any dragon features, and its rocky shell was speckled with the mottled signs of age, suggesting it had lived for an exceedingly long time.

Overlord stage·Emperor Species, the Tortoise of Longevity.

Whether it was the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor or the Gold-Blue Dragon, respect was evident in their eyes as they looked toward the Tortoise of Longevity.

In terms of strength, the Tortoise of Longevity was the least among the three.

But in status, the Tortoise of Longevity was subtly regarded as the most revered.

That’s because this Tortoise of Longevity was the earliest follower of the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu.

It is said that when the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood was still a sapling, this old tortoise liked to lie beneath it to rest. The two supported each other through the years, sharing a bond of profound affection.

And the Tortoise of Longevity was the only being that could communicate with the Beast Emperor at any time.

Even now, when the Beast Emperor often fell into silence, the Tortoise of Longevity could still always get a response.

Of course, the Tortoise of Longevity did not abuse this closeness to heedlessly disturb the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood whose state was worsening day by day, and only sought its opinion when necessary.

Also because of this, the Tortoise of Longevity represented the will of the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu to a certain degree.

The always silent Dark Abyss Bear Emperor spoke for the first time.

“Roar~”

Is it because that Earth attribute Pet Beast bears a resemblance to someone you know?

Amusement flickered in the eyes of the Tortoise of Longevity as it nodded slightly and then shook its head.

It was partially aware of the situation that day.

Familiar with the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, it knew that the reason for Cancan’s awakening was partly due to the fact that it was also an Earth attribute transcendental creature of the tortoise kind, boasting such an exaggerated body type, and partly due to sensing Cancan’s astonishing potential.

The Tortoise of Longevity itself also harbored a certain fondness for Cancan.

Beyond the innate affinity shared by creatures of the same attribute, it felt an indescribable closeness to Cancan, as if the latter were a relative it had never met.

However, having lived for such a long time, the Tortoise of Longevity had too many kin, real and otherwise, to be certain of their connection.

In any case, it felt a considerable affinity for that Earth attribute Pet Beast.

“Wuu~”

What a pity.

Seeing the expression of the Tortoise of Longevity, the Gold-Blue Dragon shook its head slightly, a hint of disappointment in its eyes.

It had wanted to find the creature and uncover the secret of how it had acquired Four Stars Skills prematurely.

But since the Tortoise of Longevity and the Beast Emperor himself had taken interest, it would be best not to attempt anything rash.

Shaking its head, the Gold-Blue Dragon put aside a certain thought and swiftly changed the topic.

“Wuu?”

Why did the Beast Emperor ask us to preside over the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes this time?

The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes was an event that occurred annually.

For the three Overlord stage Quasi Emperors, it was a game of contention among the younger generations, not something that merited too much attention. Occasionally, one or two would make an appearance but never to oversee the entire event.

For all three to appear and preside over the entire duration was unprecedented.

And this was at the request of the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu in advance.

The request was somewhat inexplicable, and now the third day had come, the Gold-Blue Dragon could not resist asking about the reasoning.

Upon hearing this question, the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor also turned its gaze toward the Tortoise of Longevity.

It too wanted to hear the Tortoise of Longevity’s explanation.

Since the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had stopped the supply of Mystical Wood Dew, the atmosphere in the Monster Wooden Domain had begun to shift subtly.

Even this instance of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes had started to exhibit changes not seen in previous years.

All this was something the Tortoise of Longevity should be most aware of among them.

But… this old creature was very tight-lipped, never letting slip the slightest hint.

Faced with the inquiring gazes of the other two Quasi Emperors, the Tortoise of Longevity showed a trace of helplessness in its eyes.

This wasn’t their first attempt to probe the situation with the Beast Emperor.