Chapter 554 - 300: Deadwood Springs Anew, Semi-Saint!

Chapter 554: Chapter 300: Deadwood Springs Anew, Semi-Saint!

“Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, how much longer can you hold on!”

Wrapped in the majesty of a sky-scouring blaze, the Flaming Crow Emperor let out a low, hoarse screech. With every flap of its wings, which were enveloped in flames, it left scorching marks of Fire Attribute power on the branches of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

Looking down at the seemingly calm and indifferent illusory face below, the Flaming Crow Emperor couldn’t help but let out a sneer, its eyes filled with an even denser ferocity.

That very expression!

Every time it saw this creature with that expression, it couldn’t help but want to burn it to ashes.

A long time ago, before the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had established its own power base at the current location of the Monster Wooden Domain, the Flaming Crow Emperor, due to its brutal nature and indiscriminate killing, had a significant conflict with the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

Back then, the Flaming Crow Emperor’s strength was no match for the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, and after repeatedly being bested, it developed a deep hatred for it.

Even after hundreds of years, it still could not forget that hateful face!

The fact that it, along with other Beast Emperors, had interrupted the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s evolution today and was on the verge of slaying it on the spot, brought a sense of satisfaction to its eyes.

You too have this day!

The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood gazed calmly at the opponent, and although it felt the opponent’s intense malice, it did not let any emotion ripple across it.

Even when facing the siege of five Beast Emperors, it was still as undisturbed as an ancient well.

If it weren’t for the fact that the face of gathered energy looked a bit fainter than at first, suggesting a hint of weakness, the five Beast Emperors might even have the illusion that they hadn’t injured their opponent at all.

Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, have you given up resisting and resigned yourself to capture?

No, impossible!

All five Beast Emperors recalled their past dealings with this unique Beast Emperor. Beneath its calm and indifferent demeanor lay boiling ambition and perseverance.

The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood would use any means necessary to obtain what it wanted!

How could such a Beast Emperor, after quietly preparing for hundreds of years and now just one step away from joining the Holy Spirit Race, give up because of their arrival?

This guy is up to something big!

Almost simultaneously, such a thought emerged in their minds. The five Beast Emperors exchanged glances, their eyes flashing with murderous intent.

Just then, a trace of concealed elation that had gone unnoticed by any creature briefly flickered in those illusory eyes.

As the battle commenced, the always silent Sky-touching Mysterious Wood suddenly spoke up, “Actually, I didn’t expect so many old friends to come today.”

As the sound of Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s voice faded, the offensive of the five Beast Emperors eased slightly. They too wanted to hear what this fellow had to say now that the overall situation seemed settled.

“The Crow Emperor has old grudges to settle with me, so its arrival was within my expectations,” Sky-touching Mysterious Wood glanced at the Flaming Crow Emperor, then turned its gaze toward the golden Giant Dragon still searching for its roots on the ground, “The Dragon Emperor has suffered losses at my hands before, so it makes sense for him to come.”

“And what of you three? Why have you appeared at this moment?” Sky-touching Mysterious Wood looked calmly at the remaining three Beast Emperors, “Phoenix King, Demon Monarch, Dragon Hawk, we have no grudges or grievances. Why cut off my chance to ascend to sanctity?”

A creature with ice-blue feathers throughout its body, elegant in both stature and every dignified move, emanating endless chill, stopped its assault in that moment. Its bright blue eyes looked up, locking gaze with the immense face of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

It was the Cold Blue Phoenix King, one of the eight Beast Emperors of Beast Field No. 47.

Facing the question from the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, it stayed silent for a moment before letting out a clear, resounding cry.

“At the request of others, do not blame me, Mysterious Wood Emperor.”

“I see, I’d almost forgotten—you have good relations with both the Dragon Emperor and Crow Emperor,” a look of realization appeared in the eyes of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood as if it had only just understood this point.

It turned its head, gazing into the void at another massive creature whose form was unstable and entirely made of water, “Flood Lake Demon Monarch, I recall you had some dispute with the Crow Emperor. Why would you also take action to assist it now?”

Upon hearing this, the body of the Flood Lake Demon Monarch violently trembled, churning the mist in the void and emitting a deep roar.

“I’ve killed countless in my life. You fraternize with human Beast Masters, and once you become a Saint Spirit, you might not spare me. Better to strike first and gain the upper hand!”

“I have no intention of settling scores. You must have been influenced by some words… But it’s too late for words now,” a look of helplessness appeared on the face of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood. It shook its head slightly and then looked at the last figure.

“And you? Dragon Hawk?”

“I thought you would be the least likely to come.”

Within the gaze of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, was a mighty creature that looked part eagle, part dragon. It was covered with dark purple scales, and long feathers adorned its wings. As it flapped, countless bolts of lightning stirred in the void, its power inscrutable.

One of the eight Beast Emperors of Beast Field No. 47, God Lightning Dragon Hawk!

Upon hearing the words of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, the God Lightning Dragon Hawk fell silent momentarily.

Among the seven other Beast Emperors, it alone had once had friendly relations with the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

Although there had been little interaction for a long time, the past friendship remained, and indeed, among the seven Beast Emperors, it was the least likely to be here.@@novelbin@@

But…

Thinking of the reason for its arrival, the God Lightning Dragon Hawk sighed.

“Mysterious Wood Emperor, you’re surely aware that the Monster Wooden Domain has long been an outlier within Beast Field No. 47.”