Chapter 553 - 299: Deadwood Springs Anew, The Realm Of The Semi-Saint!_4

Chapter 553: Chapter 299: Deadwood Springs Anew, The Realm of the Semi-Saint!_4@@novelbin@@

The Broken Jade Kite’s voice paused slightly, “All these are just appearances.”

“At the end of this celebration, there will be a segment where the creatures of the Monster Wooden Domain express their gratitude and blessings to the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, and that is another focal point of the ritual.”

“It can become an anchor for the evolution of Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, preventing it from getting lost in the tumultuous Order Force.”

“So we also need to organize everyone to bless the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood?” Xu Ran realized, “The more creatures that offer blessings, the better?”

“Of course,” the Broken Jade Kite nodded.

“Got it,” Xu Ran nodded and was just about to stand up, but he noticed a middle-aged man had at some point appeared by his side, “You are…”

“Su Yunchuan,” the middle-aged man introduced himself.

“President Su, hello!” Xu Ran’s expression became serious.

The man before him was the President of the Beast Master Association in the Monster Wooden Domain, and the only Overlord Level Beast Master of the Monster Wooden Domain. He hadn’t expected him to stay in the ruined Monster Wooden City, or that he had entered the foster area of the shop along with the other survivors.

“At times like this, there’s no need to fuss over such trivial matters,” Su Yunchuan waved his hand, “I heard some of your conversation with the Broken Jade Kite a moment ago.”

“Indeed, what we need to do now is to gather more creatures from the Monster Wooden Domain to pray for the Beast Emperor.”

“Without a doubt, the more focused and unified the process, the better the result,” Su Yunchuan’s voice paused slightly, “According to the original plan, we could only pray separately at each shelter.”

“But with the variable that is Starfire Foster Care Shop, we have a better option.”

Su Yunchuan turned his head to look at the foster area, which still seemed vacant despite accommodating so many survivors, “Little Boss Xu, would you mind accommodating a few more survivors?”

“Of course not!” Xu Ran replied without hesitation.

“Then, please follow me,” Su Yunchuan nodded slightly and walked towards the exit of the foster area, “Broken Jade Kite, there’s no need for you to come.”

“Okay,” Xu Ran left the Broken Jade Kite behind and quickly caught up with the three little ones.

The two of them quickly exited the Starfire Foster Care Shop and went in a certain direction.

As they walked on, a look of surprise came over Xu Ran’s face.

Because the direction they were heading was towards the Beast Master Association.

“We are now going to the Beast Master Association,” Su Yunchuan explained, noting the change in Xu Ran’s expression, “Below the Association, there are roots of the Beast Emperor.”

“What?” Xu Ran’s expression was one of shock, “The Beast Emperor’s roots are in the Monster Wooden City?”

Even now, the earthquake tremors and the storm of energy were still ongoing.

The Golden Dragon Emperor was probably still searching for the roots of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

And the roots of Sky-touching Mysterious Wood were in Monster Wooden City?!

“Not exactly,” Su Yunchuan shook his head slightly, “Deep beneath the ground of the entire Monster Wooden Domain, the roots of the Beast Emperor exist.”

“While expanding its body type, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood is expanding its roots at ten times the speed, and it is because of these roots that it can keep an eye on every little thing that happens within the Monster Wooden Domain at all times.”

“Ah?” Xu Ran blinked, “But wasn’t it said that the Beast Emperor has already…”

“Indeed, due to the expansion of its body, Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s ability to control its body has significantly reduced, and it frequently needs to slumber, but its more extensive root system keeps it from appearing as bad off as one might think.”

“Before today, this was a secret known by very few creatures in the Monster Wooden Domain,” Su Yunchuan’s voice paused for a moment, “But after today, it will no longer be a secret.”

“The Golden Dragon Emperor…” worry colored Xu Ran’s face.

If the entire Monster Wooden Domain was filled with the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s roots, wouldn’t it be easy for the other to find them?

“Don’t worry, it won’t find them.”