Chapter 555 - 300: Deadwood Springs Anew, Semi-Saint!_2

Chapter 555: Chapter 300: Deadwood Springs Anew, Semi-Saint!_2

“Maintaining the status quo, we could still tolerate, but your breakthrough to Saint Spirit has touched our bottom line. Not only can we not tolerate it, but the higher realm cannot tolerate it either.”

“You’ve already chosen a path of death. Does it matter who takes action?”

“The higher realm… what an imposing presence!” Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s previously calm expression quickly turned icy cold upon hearing those two words, “Unable to come on their own, yet they resort to such tricks to hinder other beings from evolving into Saint Spirits.”

“Once I break through to Saint Spirit, I will rebuild order and sweep away all obstructing voices!”

The voice of Sky-touching Mysterious Wood suddenly became fervent and full of fighting spirit, its aura escalating sharply at that moment, acquiring an even more profound sense.

Below Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, the fertile soil at its feet rapidly transformed into an almost desert-like forbidden zone, as the powerful Earth attribute Power was incessantly drawn from the depths of the ground, merging into Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s body.

Its branches and leaves, already heavily damaged under the relentless onslaught of the five Beast Emperors, began to sprout anew at that moment. Almost in the blink of an eye, they had returned to their original state.@@novelbin@@

And that was not all!

Those branches and leaves continued to grow, stretching wildly in the void, instantly intertwining with each other to form giant hands, which ferociously lashed out at the five Beast Emperors.

In that moment, Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, abandoning its previously defensive stance, boldly took on five opponents at once, initiating an attack!

All the beings from the Monster Wooden Domain who had been curled up under its vast canopy and required all its might to protect from the onslaught of the five Beast Emperors were now nowhere to be seen!

And this was the greatest confidence behind Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s audacious assault!

“Not good!”

The Flaming Crow Emperor’s expression drastically changed upon sensing this shift.

They had already learned some of the secret details of Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s evolution through certain channels.

That’s why, as soon as they emerged, they attacked the entire Monster Wooden Domain, indiscriminately killing beings inside the domain, to disrupt Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s Evolution Ritual at its root.

When they found Sky-touching Mysterious Wood was desperately defending the surviving beings of the Monster Wooden Domain, they were both surprised and unsurprised, and tacitly switched their target to attack Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

With these beings from the Monster Wooden Domain as a distraction, Sky-touching Mysterious Wood could not bring its full strength to bear and was no match for them.

And if it were to forsake these beings from the Monster Wooden Domain, the order that Sky-touching Mysterious Wood painstakingly built over hundreds of years would crumble in an instant, the Evolution Ritual would forever lose its chance, and the outcome would remain unchanged.

Indeed, just as they had anticipated, Sky-touching Mysterious Wood maintained a defensive stance throughout, directly enduring all their attacks without striking back.

But now, the situation had changed.

Those beings from the Monster Wooden Domain, who should have been under the protection of Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, had suddenly disappeared.

And Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had no more concerns holding it back.

Watching the giant hand quickly enlarging in its field of vision, the Flaming Crow Emperor let out a cry of shock and anger.

In that moment, its body seemed to ignite completely, with terrifying fire lighting up the sky and earth, almost becoming a second sun in the sky.

The ravaging flames swept across the entire void, heavily bombarding the hand woven from branches and leaves.

Countless branches and leaves could not withstand such flames, their green color rapidly fading to grey-brown. Deprived of moisture, they started to burn quickly.

But behind them, more branches and leaves grew even faster, covering and replacing the dead ones, continuously reforming into an even larger tree hand, relentlessly advancing towards the Flaming Crow Emperor.

“Seeking death!”

The Flaming Crow Emperor roared, its golden-red eyes filled with ferocity. Its sharp beak opened and a blindingly bright ball of fire swiftly converged, then shot out like a laser, piercing through the center of the hand!

Wherever it passed, the void seemed to melt, and at the center of that leafy hand, a huge hole was instantly burned through. Foul scents of charring and burnt marks continuously spread, with the growth of the branches and leaves being halted at once.

This was the Flaming Crow Emperor’s ultimate skill!

Four Stars Technique, Violent Sun Level·Burning Flame Disaster Light!

With a low grunt, the Flaming Crow Emperor furiously flapped its wings, ready to fly out through the newly formed hole to escape the danger.

Just then, an invisible and unpredictable force suddenly descended. Accompanying it was the indifferent voice of Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

“This place forbids crossing through the hole!”

In an instant, the Flaming Crow Emperor felt as if it was mired in mud, the gap that was less than a hundred meters wide now seemed billions of meters long, impossible to fly through!

With the word spoken, the law followed!

Fear beyond control appeared for the first time on the face of the Flaming Crow Emperor.

“This is… Order attribute?!”

How is this possible?

How could it be so fast?!

They had been attacking Sky-touching Mysterious Wood all along, disrupting its evolution!

The Monster Wooden Domain had been reduced to ruins, and even the Sky-reaching Pillar that constituted the battlefield of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes had been toppled by their combined strength.

In such circumstances, why could Sky-touching Mysterious Wood master the Power of the Advanced Attribute so quickly?!

“This is still not the Order Attribute, just a crude use of it,” a hint of amusement crept into Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s voice as it faced the terrified Flaming Crow Emperor, “It’s time to end this.”