Chapter 559 - 301: The Secret Of The Saint Spirit, Xuanmu’S Gift! _2

Chapter 559: Chapter 301: The Secret of the Saint Spirit, Xuanmu’s Gift! _2

Within a few breaths, the body of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had shrunk to a few hundred meters, which, compared to its previous form that blotted out the sky and often measured in tens of thousands of meters, could be considered miniature.

Its roots no longer took hold in the earth below, but instead, as it withdrew, they became like countless straws drawing power, piercing the void and becoming part of the order, extending into an invisible, mysterious domain.

Transformed and no longer an Earth Extraordinary Creature, it had shed the shackles of the land and attained perfection in form.

As its body changed, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood also moved closer to the vicinity of Monster Wooden City, so that all beings could better witness the process of its power’s transformation.

There was no doubt that this was the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s way of showing its gratitude.

And how much the watching beings could understand or realize from this process was their own fortune.

Once all its branches had retracted and all its roots had fully returned, the body of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood finally stopped shrinking.

The once immensely huge body now stood only ninety-nine meters tall, petite not only when compared to other creatures of the Beast Emperor level but even when compared to some larger Beast Kings.

But none dared to question its power.

For the Saint Spirit Wheel of Life behind the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood remained sky-high and earth-deep, and as its body changed, it even became more dazzling and captivating.

The next moment, the branches of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood burst forth with an even richer green-gold glow.

The first green-gold leaf unfolded at the tip of its branches.

Its shape was regular and symmetrical, with intricate gold patterns that contained inscrutable power.

Soon after came the second, the third…

In the end, nine hundred and ninety-nine leaves unfolded on the body of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, not one more, not one less.

Compared to the count-less leaves of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s past, the current number was far fewer, but all creatures could feel that these leaves were anything but ordinary; with the evolution of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, they too possessed unfathomable might.

With the growth of new branches and leaves, the transformation of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s body finally came to an end.

It faced the beings, and it seemed as if a pair of eyes was looking out from the void.

An invisible will spread across the area, proclaiming to heaven and earth.

“From this day forth, I am a Demon Wood Semi-Saint!”

Epic level Saint Spirit Race, referred to as Semi-Saint!

Saint Rank Saint Spirit Race can be addressed as The Saint!@@novelbin@@

In response to it, endless shouts and cheers extended.

From now on, the Monster Wooden Domain possessed a Semi-Saint, and a bright future lay readily within reach!

“Tortoise of Longevity, Dark Abyss Bear Emperor, Gold-Blue Dragon, step forward.”

With the reverberation of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint’s intention, three Quasi Emperor Clan Leaders of the Overlord stage emerged from the crowd.

Knowing they couldn’t contend with creatures of the Emperor Stage when disaster struck, they took their respective clans under their protection, upholding the responsibility of safeguarding the life within the Monster Wooden Domain, and after Xu Ran stepped forward, they too entered the Foster area of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Now stepping out, they each restrained their aura, looking up with utmost reverence at the Semi-Saint of Demon Wood in the void, and as if thinking of something, their eyes brimmed with anticipation.

A hint of a smile appeared in the intentions of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

“The three of you have followed me through much hardship and have great merits.”

“I once said that when I become a saint, it will be the time for you three to become emperors.”

“Now, it is time to fulfill that promise.”

As the words of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint fell, excitement shone in the eyes of the three Quasi Emperors.

An invisible and inscrutable force began to stir, enveloping the area around.

The voice of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, filled with immeasurable authority, echoed forth.

“In this place, the Emperor Species have no bottlenecks!”

A just-unfolded leaf fell in response, dissolving into countless points of light before everyone’s eyes as the power of order enveloped the vicinity along with the Demon Wood Semi-Saint’s words.

At the same time, the three Overlord stage Transcendent Beings felt the power that had restrained them, the force that prevented them from reaching the next Growth stage, quietly crack a gap.

Such a rare opportunity naturally was not to be missed.

One by one, they activated their Power, surging to the skies, striving to breach the bottleneck that confined them.

After a few breaths, three increasingly powerful auras soared to the heavens.

That was no longer an aura of the Overlord stage, but of the Emperor Stage level.

Henceforth, the Beast Field number 47 added three more Beast Emperors to its ranks!

Witnessing this scene, Su Yunchuan in the crowd showed a trace of envy.

In that instant just before, of his six Pet Beasts, the ones that had evolved into the Emperor Species had all felt their own bottlenecks loosening at the same time.

However, as Pet Beasts, their Growth stages were still constrained by another bottleneck.

This was the hierarchy of the contract power of the Beast Master.

The current Demon Wood Semi-Saint was still not powerful enough to resolve the basic rules of this world with its own power, and the recent blessing was solely targeted at the Emperor Species, not including the Overlord Level Beast Masters.

Nevertheless, Su Yunchuan understood that he did not have the privilege to ask the Demon Wood Semi-Saint for help in breaking through.

Unlike those three Quasi Emperors who had always followed the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, humans within the Monster Wooden Domain were more like protected tenants.

They revered the Demon Wood Semi-Saint but did not entirely submit to it.

Su Yunchuan and the three little ones who also saw this scene were once more astounded.

The Demon Wood Semi-Saint, having completed its final evolution and breaking through to the Epic level, could effortlessly elevate three Quasi Emperors of the Overlord stage to the Beast Emperor level with a mere wave of its hand.

This display, akin to a miracle, already bore a semblance to the stature of a Saint Spirit.