Chapter 552 - 299: Deadwood Comes To Life, The Semi-Saint Realm!_3

Chapter 552: Chapter 299: Deadwood Comes to Life, The Semi-Saint Realm!_3

“Got it!” (Leave it to me!)

Cancan nodded vigorously, and while it usually seemed a bit on the erratic side, it proved to be quite reliable in a crisis. The moment it landed, a yellow glow rapidly enveloped it, before rippling outward in all directions.

Three Star Skill, Halo Level: Echoing of Earth Vein!

After only a breath or two, Cancan suddenly looked toward a certain area of Monster Wooden City.

“Got it!” (There are lots of people over there!)

“Oh?” Xu Ran’s eyes brightened.

Indeed, as he had anticipated, the people who had stayed in the city had not all perished.@@novelbin@@

If nothing unexpected happened, they were probably taking refuge in a temporary shelter under the Beast Master Association’s guidance, waiting for the chaos to end.

“Let’s go! Let’s check it out!” Without any hesitation, Xu Ran commanded in a low voice, speeding up on his journey with the three small ones.

Before reaching the location Cancan had indicated, those concealed sensed something approaching from outside, and a figure in the Beast Master Association’s uniform rapidly approached Xu Ran.

The man was a stranger wearing the uniform of the Beast Master Association. He was initially taken aback, but then quickly recognized Xu Ran, “Boss Xu, come in quickly.”

“I’ll stay out here,” Xu Ran stopped the man, then glanced at the place where everyone was taking refuge.

It was an open square with no towering buildings around; the area was crowded with about a thousand people who were erecting a temporary shelter under the direction of a few Beast Masters in an orderly fashion.

However, their efficiency was not high.

Shaking his head slightly, Xu Ran looked at the association member, “Please lead these people to the Starfire Foster Care Shop for refuge, it’s safer there.”

Glancing at the Starfire Foster Care Shop, which stood unblemished and thus particularly conspicuous, the worker nodded slightly, “That’s a good idea.”

“Do you know where other survivors are? My shop can squeeze in a few million people for a short time without a problem,” Xu Ran estimated the space of the foster area and inquired.

“A few million…” The worker was briefly amazed, followed by joy, “I know!”

He quickly took out a map with special markers, “This is the refuge arrangement the Association distributed to us early this morning; I didn’t expect we’d use it right away.”

“Wait a second!” Xu Ran snatched the map and interrupted the man, “Did you just say, early this morning?”

“Yes, yes!” The worker nodded, “I don’t know why the Association would distribute this, but every worker received this map early this morning.”

Xu Ran fell silent for a moment, then looked at the map in his hand.

The small map not only indicated the locations of hundreds of large and small shelters but also clearly marked the areas and divisions, clearly showing which shelter belonged to which area.

Having made such preparations in advance there was no doubt, the Beast Master Association had known about the impending disaster beforehand.

And the only possible source of their information was Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself.

So, before its evolution, Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had anticipated the possible events and taken measures for them?

In that moment, Xu Ran let out a breath of relief.

Being prepared beforehand meant that there would be fewer casualties than imagined.

If this was the case with Monster Wooden City, then it’s likely Sky-touching Mysterious Wood would have made similar arrangements among the Transcendent Beings within the Monster Wooden Domain.

With that, the situation might not be as bad as it seemed.

For the first time since the arrival of the five Beast Emperors, relief appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

“I’ll go to the other shelters and find them.”

After these words, Xu Ran rode on Star, racing like the wind.

“Hey! You!”

Watching Xu Ran’s departing figure, the worker opened his mouth then slowly closed it.

He stood still for a moment before turning to address a Beast Master behind him, “Li Feng, take everyone and move to the Starfire Foster Care Shop!”

“Hong Guang, Ao Chong, Qin Yuan! You three come with me in the lead, go to the other shelters and tell them to move as well!”

It would be more efficient for everyone to notify survivors, rather than relying on just Xu Ran alone.

With Xu Ran and other workers’ coordination, at that moment, all the shelters in Monster Wooden City began to stir into action simultaneously.

Three system clerks, appointed by Xu Ran to receive tasks, worked alongside the association members from Monster Wooden City, methodically gathering all the survivors and bringing them to the foster area for temporary refuge.

Seeing a scenario in Monster Wooden City that was vastly different from what it had expected, Broken Jade Kite fell into silence.

Originally, it had almost passed a death sentence on Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

But now, the arrogance from the eighth Beast Field was beginning to waver ever so slightly.

It suddenly felt that maybe, just maybe, Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s evolution actually had a glimmer of hope.

“Out with it, no more hiding,” after initially settling the city survivors, Xu Ran sought out Broken Jade Kite again, “Is there any other way to help Sky-touching Mysterious Wood?”

“… The blessing of all creatures.” After a pause, Broken Jade Kite reluctantly revealed the answer.

At this point, it had been forcefully tied to the same fate as Xu Ran by Xu Ran; there was no escaping for it if Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s evolution failed.

Left with no choice, Broken Jade Kite had to cooperate.

“On the fourth day of each Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, there is a grand celebration organized by Sky-touching Mysterious Wood. There’s rain made from Mystical Wood Dew to baptize all creatures, and there are also various Transcendent Resources to be raffled, with quite a few being of King Stage caliber.”