Chapter 550: 299: Deadwood Meets Spring, The Realm Of A Semi-Saint!

Chapter 550: Chapter 299: Deadwood Meets Spring, the Realm of a Semi-Saint!@@novelbin@@

“Star, we can slow down a bit now.”

Having fled for God knows how long and feeling that the earth-shattering commotion behind had become bearable and would no longer reach him, Xu Ran gently patted Star’s shoulder, signalling it to slow down.

It was unclear whether the Broken Jade Kite had foreseen this escape route and made ample preparations, as luckily, along the way, Xu Ran and his three little companions managed to avoid any encounters with Beast Emperors rushing to the scene.

Otherwise, whether they could have come out unscathed was an unknown.

Glancing at the Broken Jade Kite in the sky not far away, which had also stopped moving and maintained a distance from him with a hint of wariness, occasionally flapping its wings and looking in the direction of the Monster Wooden Domain, Xu Ran quickly turned his head and looked towards the incessant noises coming from behind.

On his first day arriving at the Monster Wooden Domain, under the escort of the King Level Beast Master Sun Tianchao, Xu Ran had looked down upon the entire Monster Wooden Domain from the sky.

It was like a green emerald inlaid upon the vast land, in stark contrast to the chaotic Beast Field, full of vibrant life and peaceful order.

But at this moment, out of the other seven Beast Emperors of the Monster Wooden Domain, a total of five had arrived.

Even if none of them were a match for the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood alone, their combined force was still peerlessly powerful.

In the face of their assault, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, which was in the critical moment of evolution, found it quite difficult to resist.

Standing at Xu Ran’s location, one could see the Monster Wooden Domain starting to crumble and sink.

An endless wildfire consumed the vibrant greenery, gaping fissures tore through the Earth, and the fertile soil turned rough and fragmented.

Then there was the devastating flood from another side, freezing all vitality with extreme cold…

For the creatures within the Monster Wooden Domain that had not had the chance to flee, this was evidently an unprecedented disaster.

From where Xu Ran stood, one could see the situation in the Monster Wooden City, the once-thriving city now lay in ruins.

Fortunately, the city’s populace was being orderly evacuated, escorted by Powerful Beast Masters, deeper into the Monster Wooden Domain.

Under the protection of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s canopy, the remaining life of the Monster Wooden Domain could catch a temporary breath.

Still, the situation was far from optimistic.

Because under the joint siege of the five Beast Emperors, the very body of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood began to show signs of damage.

Its vast canopy, which had filtered sun like heaven’s own umbrella, was now visibly being infiltrated and eroded by different Attribute Powers.

Withering, freezing, breaking…

Its branches began to turn decrepit, and the sound of its presence carried a sense of late twilight, like an elder on the brink of death, suffering at the hands of thugs.

And a greater threat came from below.

The Golden Dragon Emperor, who had appeared first, was using brute strength to dig large, deep pits in the fractured Earth.

Although the pits were empty, its intentions were clear to anyone.

It aimed to strike at the roots of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood!

Though the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood was a Transcendent Being of the Beast Emperor level and a tree, its roots were the core of its power and life!

Without the rich foliage above, it was just a light wound, and albeit damages to the trunk were not beyond repair.

But if the roots were damaged, it would be fatal for the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood!

Based on the progress of the Golden Dragon Emperor’s intensive digging, it seemed to be close to finding the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s roots!

For the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, a life and death crisis was indeed just around the corner!

Anxiously watching this scene, Xu Ran’s hands clenched tightly, and involuntary cold sweats broke out on his back.

From the current situation, unless the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood could complete its Evolution Ritual immediately and step into the ranks of the Holy Spirit Race, there seemed to be no other way out.

But how difficult it was to make that step under the joint opposition of five Beast Emperors?

Glancing at the Broken Jade Kite in the air, carefree and unconcerned about the life and death of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, merely relishing the spectacle, Xu Ran suddenly spoke.

“Ziyun, bring that guy down.”

“Meow!” (Understood!)

Ziyun nodded vigorously, and with a peal of thunder, instantly appeared in front of the Broken Jade Kite.

The Broken Jade Kite, suddenly coming to its senses, had a drastic change in expression and inwardly cursed itself for not keeping further away, but it was too late to resist as Ziyun smacked it right before Xu Ran.

“Human, what are you trying to do?” asked the Broken Jade Kite indignantly, its tone tinged with anger after being caught multiple times, “Do you wish to offend our Liuyu Saint Clan?”

“Since you know about the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s Evolution Ritual being part of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, you must know more detailed things, right?” Ignoring the ineffective threat from the other party, Xu Ran grabbed the Broken Jade Kite, “Tell me, what does the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood need for its evolution?”

He wanted to help the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood within his ability to do so.

“You think I’ll talk?” retorted the Broken Jade Kite stubbornly at first, but under Ziyun’s deadly glare, it quickly relented, “It’s the reverence and adherence to order of all beings.”

“The order isn’t just the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s own order, but a special power composed by the founder and those who comply.”

“The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself is just a part of the order, without the creatures of the Monster Wooden Domain adhering to the order, its order is incomplete.”

“So, it needs to evolve at the moment when its reputation is at its peak, and the creatures of the Monster Wooden Domain revere the order it established the most, leveraging the faith of other creatures.”