Chapter 556 - 300: Deadwood Springs Anew, Semi-Saint!_3

Chapter 556: Chapter 300: Deadwood Springs Anew, Semi-Saint!_3

“This place, restoration accelerates!”

As the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood spoke again, the once unrecoverable void began to be replenished by countless branches and leaves at a visible speed, even the Flaming Crow Emperor deep within saw its power and injuries recover at a much faster pace.

Just as the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had said, at this moment it had not yet fully controlled this power, to the extent that it could only be indiscriminately used, without distinguishing between friend and foe.

However, feeling the acceleration of its power and injury recovery, there was not a hint of joy on the Flaming Crow Emperor’s face.

Because from beginning to end, its expenditure of energy was negligible, and it had not been injured at all.

Watching helplessly as it was entwined and sealed by countless branches and leaves, as if to be completely sealed away, madness flickered in the Flaming Crow Emperor’s eyes.

It let out a fierce scream, the flames around its body burning even more vigorously, the endless fire sweeping in all directions, making the entangling branches and leaves have to temporarily retract from its sharpness.

And without giving it a moment to breathe, the next words of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood caused the Fire Attribute Flaming Crow Emperor to feel as though it was in an ice cellar.

“This place, wood fears not fire!”

“No!!!!”

The Flaming Crow Emperor screamed in fury but could only watch helplessly as the branches and leaves, which had previously retreated, instantly entwined it tightly, making it unable to move at all.

The eternal flame burning on its body was enough to melt gold and stone, but now it couldn’t even slightly alter the color of these leaves.

This… is it the crushing pressure of an Advanced Attribute?

A hint of despair emerged in the Flaming Crow Emperor’s eyes.

And it was not the only one that was desperate.

“This place, physical strength is powerless!”

With a low shout, the Golden Dragon Emperor, feeling its boundless power being rapidly weakened, could only accompany the shout with furious roars as countless branches and leaves tightly bound it, immobilizing it completely.

“This place, wood fears not cold!”

In the midst of angry cries, the Cold Blue Phoenix King too had no choice but to be captured without a fight.

“This place, water takes form!”

The Yuan Attribute Beast Emperor, the Flood Lake Demon Monarch, who could normally transform into water and easily escape through the gaps in the branches and leaves, was also captured without resistance.

“This place, wood conducts electricity!”@@novelbin@@

The God Lightning Dragon Hawks’ electricity, ripping through the void, upon the utterance of the Beast Emperor’s word, vanished as if facing an abyss, absorbed entirely by the surrounding branches and leaves that enveloped it, channeled into the ground below, and completely lost its effectiveness.

Already at a disadvantage due to its Attribute being suppressed, it could now only offer a wry smile, honestly ceasing its attacks and letting the branches and leaves bind it layer by layer.

In just an instant, the balance of victory and defeat flipped.

Within the void, five Beast Emperors were simultaneously sealed by the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, utterly devoid of their previous arrogance.

This is the formidable strength of the Holy Spirit Race!

If the Leader Species, King Species, and Emperor Species represent the continuous evolution of the Life Level, a succession of leaps in power strength, then the advancement from Emperor Species to Holy Spirit Race represents a jump that far surpasses the previous two evolutions.

It signifies a leap in Attribute!

Transcendent Beings, from now on, are no longer bound by the rules of the ten Attributes of heaven and earth, possessing their own unique Attribute, their own unique path.

Only then can one be sanctified!

Even if just one member of the Holy Spirit Race with an Advanced Attribute appears, facing an opponent of the ten major Attributes, they can exert a similar overwhelming pressure.

Not to mention the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, with its lofty ambitions, submerged for centuries just to master the Power of Order, which is one of the top amongst Advanced Attributes.

Even now displaying just a fraction of its power, it’s already enough to easily suppress Beast Emperors of the same Life Level!

The gap between Advanced Attributes and the ten basic Attributes is like a chasm in the sky!

After sealing five invaders in an instant, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood’s indifferent expression suddenly revealed a hint of agony.

Ordinary evolution is already defying the natural order, fraught with difficulties, let alone the final leap from the Emperor Species to the Holy Spirit Race.

The difficulty is unimaginable.

At this moment, it was still extremely far from completing its evolution.

In such circumstances, to forcibly use the newly born power that was not yet fully its own, the consequences are obvious.

This would undoubtedly add considerable difficulty to its evolution, but the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had no choice.

Looking profoundly at the five Beast Emperors in the void who could no longer interfere with its evolution, the ethereal visage of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood slowly faded away.

Its aura rapidly waned, the restless and bizarre power rampaging crazily over the dreadful canopy that stretched for tens of kilometers.

Its branches sometimes twisted, sometimes deformed, and even in certain areas of the canopy, there appeared the strange sight of leaves growing branches, the distortion and chaos turning the appearance of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood into something indescribable in an instant, its pained thoughts radiating continuously towards the outside.

That was the backlash of the Power of Order.

Feeling this scene, the five Beast Emperors fell silent in unison.

They knew all too well that the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood was at the crucial moment of evolution and that if they could only make a move, it could result in the failure of its evolution, and its immediate demise.

But the branches and leaves that had solidified the Power of Order on them had been deliberately disconnected by the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself, becoming independent shackles that would not loosen with its aberration.

This left them only to watch helplessly as this great opportunity unfolded before their eyes, yet unable to do anything about it.

Time was marching on bit by bit.

The aberration of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood grew even more frenzied, its branches even began to ooze crimson blood, and its leaves sprouted numerous fierce and irregular eyes, as if it transformed from a tree’s body into a hybrid of tree and flesh.