Chapter 569: 304: A New Lucky Fish?_2

Chapter 569: Chapter 304: A New Lucky Fish?_2

On the other side, Xu Ran had already swiftly prepared everything necessary for the bathing and care.

He adjusted the water temperature and quickly picked up the showerhead, walking up close to the Rosy Flame Demon Fox. Using the palm of his other hand to block the stream of water spraying from the showerhead, he let the warm cleansing liquid gently soak the fur of the Rosy Flame Demon Fox through the cushioning of his palm.

Being of the Fire Attribute, pet beasts naturally resist water, so this silently nourishing method was able to minimize their inner repulsion to the greatest extent.

Of course, the secret weapon that made Fire Pet Beasts fall in love with washing and caring were the various Nourishing Fire Element Resources blended into the bath liquid.

Feeling the soft flow of water saturate all its fur, sticking to its body like a warm embrace, the Rosy Flame Demon Fox’s eyes, hued like the dawn, gleamed with extra satisfaction.

It couldn’t help but wriggle its body, emitting a slightly enchanting sound.

“Ying~”

It seems the cries of fox-like pet beasts are all quite similar.

Xu Ran glanced at the Rosy Flame Demon Fox and a hint of amusement appeared in his eyes.

In front of him, a prompt notifying him of the received Pleasure Value from the Rosy Flame Demon Fox had just appeared.

Next, it was time to exhibit his expertise.

Xu Ran gently placed his hands on the fully dampened fur of the Rosy Flame Demon Fox, and then spread his fingers, placing them on different parts of its body, to begin a deep, gentle, yet effective kneading.

Under Xu Ran’s professional manipulation, the Power circulating within the Rosy Flame Demon Fox began to accelerate the absorption of the bath liquid’s nourishing components.@@novelbin@@

To the Rosy Flame Demon Fox, this novel sensation was equally thrilling.

Xu Ran’s every finger penetrated deeply into its skin, touching each point and leading to every hair follicle, the meticulous and thorough kneading made every inch of the Rosy Flame Demon Fox’s body shiver in exhilaration.

Like fine currents of electricity continuously coursing through it, its slender body involuntarily began to quiver slightly, and its dawn-colored eyes grew even more hazy and transfixed.

As the intensity of Xu Ran’s technique grew, the Rosy Flame Demon Fox’s body trembled more noticeably, the misty sense of enchantment in its eyes brimmed and looked as though it could overflow at any moment.

The expression on the Rosy Flame Demon Fox became increasingly peculiar, as if it were struggling to contain something, yet the more it tried to hold back, the less it seemed able to do so.

Finally, a long-repressed, winding and deep moan escaped from its throat, tinged with a touch of bashfulness.

“Ying~~”

Watching her pet beast behave so strangely throughout the process, Chou Yue, who had been watching the entire time, saw her initial amusement stiffen on her face. She even felt somewhat like she was sitting on pins and needles at the moment.

Watching the young man wash and care for her pet beast, Chou Yue actually felt like she was observing something scandalous.

Such things should never be discovered by others, yet here she was watching it happen right before this human and beast duo, which made her feel an urge to leave the place.

And considering one of the parties was her pet beast, her feelings became even more complicated.

The washing and care service here is just too weird!

Chou Yue sighed internally, suddenly feeling like she was on the wrong boat.

“Ying~~~”

Another cry, even stronger and more peculiar than before, echoed through the grooming room, and Chou Yue couldn’t help but cover her eyes with her hands to avoid watching.

But a few seconds later, the gaps between her fingers stealthily widened, revealing her large eyes.

I’m just concerned about my own pet beast…

Right, that’s it!

—————–

“Wuwuwu—”

With a hum of the hairdryer, Xu Ran completely dried the last inch of the Rosy Flame Demon Fox’s fur, and after a simple combing, he smiled and said,

“It’s finished.”

“Ying~~”

The Rosy Flame Demon Fox slowly stood up from the grooming table, shook its body vigorously, making its fur, which shimmered like glints of light and became even fluffier, appear as sleek as a clump of evening clouds descending to earth, stunningly beautiful.

Its eyes still retained a hint of haziness and longing, but as it gradually came back to its senses, it too knew its grooming session was over. It jumped down lightly to the ground, then trotted over to Chou Yue’s side.

“This…” Chou Yue bent down and carefully hugged her pet beast, afraid that any careless movement would mar the impeccable style.

Awe filled her eyes, and the odd feelings from the grooming process were now completely pushed out of her mind.

Indeed, her intuition was right!

Chou Yue had taken her pet to many Foster Shops for cleaning and care, but even the best of them could not bring her Rosy Flame Demon Fox to the condition it was at now.

This unfamiliar young Caretaker had given her a marvelous surprise!

On the other hand, Xu Ran was also checking the rewards of his work.

Normally, when grooming a Leader Species pet beast at Elite Stage, he wouldn’t bother to check the gain.

Because now, as a B Level Plucking Fur, obtaining Two stars Skills was almost guaranteed, and Two stars Skills had little significance for the three small ones and could simply be broken down into Skill Fragments to be done with it.

However, the phrase The system had provided after scanning the Rosy Flame Demon Fox had piqued his interest.

And upon checking, he truly found some unusual aspects.

Under the Pet Beast Skills section, there were three new skills.

[★★ Flame Blossom] (Untransmittable)

[★★ Burning Flame Slash] (Untransmittable)