Chapter 561 - 301: The Secret Of The Saint Spirit, Xuanmu'S Gift! _4

Chapter 561 - 301: The Secret of the Saint Spirit, Xuanmu's Gift! _4

The madness of the Rebel of Order Attributes pushed its tenacious will to the brink of collapse time and again.

Were it not for Xu Ran's assistance, simply allowing the creatures of the Demon Wooden Domain to pray for blessings individually, it might truly not have survived that challenge, ultimately becoming a crazed walking corpse.

So...

"Within the scope of my abilities, is there anything you need my help with?"

-----------------

A few breaths later, three increasingly powerful auras soared into the sky.

Those were no longer the auras of the Overlord stage, but of the Emperor Stage.

From now on, Beast Emperor of Beast Field No. 47 gains three more sovereigns!

Witnessing this scene, in the crowd, Su Yunchuan's eyes revealed a hint of envy.

In that very moment, among his six Pet Beasts, the ones that had evolved to the Emperor Species simultaneously felt their own shackles loosen.

However, as Pet Beasts, their Growth Stage was still constrained by another layer of limitation.

This was the stage of the Beast Master's contract power.

The present Demon Wood Semi-Saint was still insufficient in using its own power to dissolve the most basic rules of this world, and the recent empowerment was only targeting the Emperor Species, not including the Overlord Level Beast Masters.

Nevertheless, Su Yunchuan was also clear that he did not possess the qualifications to ask the Demon Wood Semi-Saint for help in achieving a breakthrough.

Unlike the three Quasi-Emperors who had always been following closely by the Demon Wood Semi-Saint's side, Humans within the Monster Wooden Domain were more like protected tenants.

They held reverence for the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, but had not completely submitted to it.

Xu Ran and the three little ones, also observing this scene, were again profoundly shaken.

The Demon Wood Semi-Saint, having completed its final evolution, breaking through to the Epic level, was able to empower three Overlord stage Quasi-Emperors to the Beast Emperor level seemingly with a simple gesture.

This divine-like display almost had the demeanor of a Saint Spirit.

Xu Ran's heart surged with emotion.

The Saint Rank represents the most powerful beings in this world.

And now, he finally witnessed a portion of this rank's power with his own eyes.

In this moment, the same longing for the status of the Holy Spirit Race ignited within the three little ones.

If they too could become part of the Holy Spirit Race, what kind of power would they wield?

With this thought, different images surfaced in the minds of the three little ones.

Ziyun envisioned the terrifying power that seemed capable of annihilating everything, the power she'd wield when casting Divine Punishment, should she evolve into a Holy Spirit Race,

How powerful would it be to possess a similar strength?

Star imagined the starry sky he looked up to every night.

Those stars had long been etched deeply in his heart, and now, he seemed to have the chance to become one of them.

As for Cancan, the first thing that came to mind was the image of a Dragon.

But...

Catching a glimpse at the edge of his vision towards one of the five sealed Beast Emperors in the distance, still bound by the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, Cancan considered the Golden Dragon Emperor decked out in golden Dragon Scales and remembered the Earth Dragon that had been killed by the Nightmare Beast King, becoming part of its own Evolution Ritual—a Dragon from the Dragon Extraordinary Beings it deemed inferior—Cancan fell silent.

Why did it feel like all the Dragon Transcendent Beings it encountered were so weak?

Perhaps it's better to make a run for it early? Dragons don't seem to achieve much...

Meanwhile, after granting strength to three loyal subordinates, the Demon Wood Semi-Saint turned its gaze to the five sealed Beast Emperors floating in the void.

As it willed, the Order Force that bound the five Beast Emperors faded into nothingness, and with the dissipation of the solidifying force, those branches and leaves turned to ash.

The five Beast Emperors regained their freedom.

However, they had completely lost the will to battle the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

Mere manipulation of advanced attributes had trapped them, and now that the evolution was complete, allowing the control of its own powers, how terrifying must the Demon Wood Semi-Saint have become?

"Flaming Crow Emperor, Golden Dragon Emperor, You two hold a grudge against me, and today you joined forces with other Beast Emperors in an attempt to prevent my evolution,"

"Today, you shall stay."

As the indifferent voice of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint rang out, two leaves tore through the void, aiming for the two named Beast Emperors.

"You..." Feeling the slowly drifting leaves that left him no place to hide, the Flaming Crow Emperor's eyes were filled with ferocity and terror, "Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, you won't come to a good end, the Beast Field No. 8 will not tolerate your existence!"

"They won't let go..."

The shrill cries of the Flaming Crow Emperor ceased abruptly as leaves were severed.

Its golden-red eyes swiftly lost their luster, as the vast power that surrounded it began to disperse into the world.

The Flaming Crow Emperor, perished!

In contrast to the hysterical Flaming Crow Emperor, the Golden Dragon Emperor was much calmer. Looking at the silent Flaming Crow Emperor, it let out a slight sigh.

"Shouldn't have provoked you in the first place."

The next moment, as leaves fell, the massive body of the Golden Dragon Emperor collapsed to the ground with a thud.

The Golden Dragon Emperor, perished!

The demise of the two Beast Emperors left the expressions of the other three Beast Emperors filled with immense fear.

However, they didn't even dare to flee.

Because they knew very well that they could not escape the hand of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

"The three of you..."

After slaying the two Beast Emperors, the gaze of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint turned toward the other three Beast Emperors.

"I'll give you a choice," it said slowly after a moment of silence, "submit, or die."

"We submit!"

The three Beast Emperors made their choice without hesitation, each separating a portion of their origin power and handing it over to the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

This was the way in the Beast Field to submit to the stronger beings, a sign of allegiance.

With this portion of the origin in hand, the subdued can easily inflict heavy damage upon the submitters.

Having secured the origin of the three Beast Emperors, the aura of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint calmed down somewhat, no longer as sharp as before.

It suddenly turned its head, looking in the direction of Xu Ran. @@novelbin@@

"Human child, follow me."

"...Me?" Xu Ran, who suddenly came to his senses, pointed to himself and a look of astonishment appeared on his face, "Senior is calling for me?"

"Yes, you." The Demon Wood Semi-Saint nodded and then twisted its body, drifting towards the direction of the Core Area of the Monster Wooden Domain.

"Let's follow!"

Xu Ran quickly understood, picked up Ziyun and Cancan, and sat on the back of Star.

"Xi Lu Lu!"

With a neigh from Star, one person and three Pet Beasts turned into a blur, closely following behind the Demon Wood Semi-Saint and vanished from the sight of all living creatures.

As the Demon Wood Semi-Saint departed, the living creatures looked at each other, and the area fell into a brief silence.

Then there was an overwhelming roar of cheers and shouts.

The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had become sacred, and the subsequent celebration ceremony was probably unavoidable.

-----------------

Elsewhere, deep within the Monster Wooden Domain.

Where the Demon Wood Semi-Saint had originally taken root, there now lay an immense, seemingly bottomless pit.

That was the mark it left on the earth after extracting its roots.

At this moment, Xu Ran and the Demon Wood Semi-Saint stood before this pit.

"Thank you for providing a safe place for everyone in a critical moment," the Demon Wood Semi-Saint slowly spoke after a moment of silence, its voice carrying a tinge of emotion, "Without it, my Evolution Ritual might not have been so smooth."

Although it had been planning for this Evolution for hundreds of years, constantly consolidating and stabilizing the order of the Monster Wooden Domain and rehearsing the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes as an Evolution Ritual year after year.

But only when it reached the point of Evolution, combating the Rebel of Order Attributes did it realize that it had underestimated the difficulty of this Evolution.

That wildly intense Rebel of Order Attributes pushed its resilient will to the brink of collapse time and again.

If it weren't for Xu Ran's help, if it had allowed the creatures of the Monster Wooden Domain to pray for blessings separately, it might not have survived that challenge and ended up as a deranged walking corpse.

So...

"Within my abilities, is there anything you need my help with?"