Chapter 566: 303: Pet Beast Cleaning And Caring Exhibition?

Chapter 566: Chapter 303: Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring Exhibition?

“Creak~”

Accompanied by a slight creak, the classic doors opened a crack.

After seeing who was outside, the doors of Dawn Building No.1 were slowly opened, though the face of the person inside clearly displayed impatience, “Bringing people to see the building again?”

“Mr. Zhao, we meet again. Let me introduce him,” Zhang Li’s face wore a smile that was not at all affected by the other’s impatience, “This is Mr. Xu Ran, the Beast Master from Demon Wood City, who has come from far away.”

After introducing Xu Ran, she naturally turned to look at him, “This is Mr. Zhao Heyear, the owner of Dawn Building No.1.”

“Mr. Zhao, hello.” Xu Ran greeted with a polite smile, “I am interested in purchasing Dawn Building No.1, but I’ve heard from Ms. Zhao that this is not such a simple matter.”

“It seems you’ve already heard.” Zhao Heyear’s expression cleared slightly, “My building is for sale only to the person I want to sell it to; otherwise, no matter how much they offer, I will not sell.”

“What kind of person would Mr. Zhao consider selling to then?” Xu Ran asked with a smile, “Could you be more specific?”

“That I can do.” Seemingly appreciative of Xu Ran’s attitude, Zhao Heyear’s face softened further, “The person who buys Dawn Building No.1 must meet two conditions.”

“My Dawn Building No.1, you could say, has the best storefront location on Bright Avenue, bar none.”

“So, the first condition is that the buyer must be undisputedly the best in the field they intend to operate in, to match the prestige of my Dawn Building No.1.”

“This is the main reason why no one has been able to buy Dawn Building No.1 in the past few months,” Zhang Li explained softly, “Those who want to purchase the building mostly aim to use the geographic advantage of Dawn Building No.1 to further their business.”

“Those who are undisputedly the best in their field are very cautious about changing their store’s location as they already have a customer base.”

“I see,” Xu Ran said, a look of realization crossing his face.

Indeed, operators that had achieved the number one spot in their industry would not easily change their store’s location, as this could lead to the loss of existing customers.

However…

Buying Dawn Building No.1 and using its geographical advantage to open a branch should not be difficult for other operators, right?

At this thought, a hint of confusion appeared in Xu Ran’s eyes.

And in the next moment, Zhao Heyear’s words resolved all his doubts.

“The second condition…” Zhao Heyear spoke slowly, “The operator who buys Dawn Building No.1 can only run it as the exclusive store in Bright Radiance City, and cannot open branches.”

Xu Ran: “…”

That condition was rather stringent.

“Mr. Zhao is an architectural designer, not only the owner but also the designer of Dawn Building No.1,” Zhang Li smiled helplessly, explaining gently, “In Mr. Zhao’s heart, Dawn Building No.1 is like his child.”

“Exactly,” nodded Zhao Heyear in agreement, “Young man, you should be able to understand the feeling of wanting to entrust one’s child to a suitable person, right?”

“When you put it that way, I can understand it somewhat,” Xu Ran nodded after stroking his chin.

Isn’t this just like a father-in-law who hopes his future son-in-law is outstanding, yet doesn’t want him to be a scoundrel?

While such a mindset in this context might seem odd, after putting himself in the other’s shoes, Xu Ran chose to respect it.

“Mr. Zhao, I can satisfy your second condition,” Xu Ran slowly spoke up, “I won’t hide from you that my intention to buy Dawn Building No.1 is to operate a foster shop.”

“Although I have stores in other cities, I can assure you that there will only be one store in Bright Radiance City.”

“Hmm…” Zhao Heyear was silent for a moment, “You meet the second condition.”

“As for the first condition…” Xu Ran’s voice paused slightly, “I am quite confident in becoming the first in the foster industry of Bright Radiance City, but how can I prove this point having just arrived in the city?”

“If it were any other industry, you indeed wouldn’t be able to prove it, nor would you qualify to buy my store,” Zhao Heyear glanced at Xu Ran, “But in the foster industry… there just happens to be an opportunity that could prove it right now.”

“Oh?” A look of curiosity appeared on Xu Ran’s face, “What opportunity?”

“Mr. Zhao is probably referring to our Bright Radiance City’s triennial Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring Exhibition,” Zhang Li chimed in with a smile, “Actually, I had planned to tell you about this after helping Mr. Xu secure the shop.”

Xu Ran’s eyes lit up instantly.

The Cleaning and Caring Exhibition sounded like it would be similar to the open-air cleaning and caring event held in Monster Wooden City.

The previous open-air event brought a surge of customers to Starfire Foster Care Shop, allowing Starfire Foster Care Shop to meet its 50% fame requirement in a short time.@@novelbin@@

If he could replicate the process of skyrocketing fame in Bright Radiance City through a similar event, it would be wonderful for Xu Ran!

Xu Ran, of course, had not forgotten why he had come to Bright Radiance City.

Opening a shop there was only secondary, the most important task was to guard the Extinct Thunder Attraction.

By meeting the fame requirement as quickly as possible, he could soon summon the three System Clerks to take over the management of the shop in Bright Radiance City.

Then, he could be a hands-off store owner, lying back to collect income from four shops while preparing with his three little ones for fighting over the Extinct Thunder Attraction.