Chapter 560 - 301: The Secret Of The Saint Spirit, Xuanmu'S Gift! _3

Chapter 560: Chapter 301: The Secret of the Saint Spirit, Xuanmu’s Gift! _3

Xu Ran’s heart surged with emotions.

The Saint Rank, is the most powerful existence in this world.

And now, he had finally witnessed a portion of this level of power with his own eyes.

At this moment, the three little ones also felt an immense longing for the Holy Spirit Race within their hearts.@@novelbin@@

If they too became part of the Holy Spirit Race, what kind of power would they wield?

With this thought, different visions appeared in the minds of the three little ones.

What Ziyun imagined was the overwhelming and terrifying power that seemed capable of annihilating everything when she deployed Divine Punishment,

If she evolved into the Holy Spirit Race, how powerful would she be with similar powers?

Star envisioned the starry sky that he could gaze upon every night.

Those stars had long been deeply etched into his heart, and now, it seemed he had the chance to become one of them.

As for Cancan, the first thing that came to its mind was the form of a dragon.

But…

Out of the corner of its eye, looking at the five Beast Kings still sealed by the Demon Wood Semi-Saint in the distance, particularly at the Golden Dragon Emperor wrapped in golden dragon scales, remembering the Earth attribute Dragon Extraordinary Being that had been killed by the Nightmare Beast King to become part of its own Evolution Ritual, Cancan fell silent.

How come all the Dragon Extraordinary Beings it encountered seemed so… inferior?

Maybe it’s time to flee? Dragons don’t seem to amount to much…

Meanwhile, after empowering the three loyal subordinates, the gaze of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint turned toward the five sealed Beast Kings.

With a thought, the Order Force that had bound the Beast Kings dissipated into nothingness, and without its solidified power, the branches and leaves also turned to ash and scattered.

The five Beast Kings were free once more.

However, they no longer possessed the slightest intention to battle the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

If their rudimentary use of Advanced Attributes could trap them, how fearsome would the Demon Wood Semi-Saint be now that it had successfully evolved and could control its own powers?

“Flaming Crow Emperor, Golden Dragon Emperor, both of you bear old grudges against me, and today you allied with other Beast Kings to stop my evolution,”

“Today, you will stay.”

As the indifferent voice of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint sounded, two leaves sliced through the void, aimed at the two named Beast Kings.

“You…” As the slowly drifting leaves approached, unavoidable, terror and ferocity filled the eyes of the Flaming Crow Emperor, “Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, you won’t come to a good end, Beast Field number eight won’t tolerate your presence!”

“They will not let go…”

The hoarse scream of the Flaming Crow Emperor abruptly stopped as the leaves cut through the air.

Its golden-red eyes rapidly lost their luster, and the huge power within it began to dissipate into the world.

The Flaming Crow Emperor, fallen!

Compared to the hysterical Flaming Crow Emperor, the Golden Dragon Emperor was much more composed, watching the now silent Flaming Crow Emperor and letting out a soft sigh.

“I should never have provoked you.”

The next moment, as the leaf fell, the huge body of the Golden Dragon Emperor collapsed to the ground.

The Golden Dragon Emperor, fallen!

The fall of two Beast Emperors made the expressions of the other three emperors utterly terrified.

Yet, they didn’t dare to flee.

Because they knew all too well, there was no escaping the palm of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

“You three…”

After exterminating two Beast Emperors, the Demon Wood Semi-Saint’s gaze shifted to the other three.

“I’ll give you a choice,” it spoke slowly after a brief silence, “Submit, or die.”

“We submit!”

The three Beast Emperors made their choice without hesitation, each detaching a portion of their origin power and handing it over to the Demon Wood Semi-Saint.

This was the way in the Beast Field to express loyalty and submission to a stronger being.

With this piece of origin in hand, the master could easily inflict heavy damage on the submissive one.

After securing the origin from the three Beast Emperors, the breath of the Demon Wood Semi-Saint relaxed a bit, losing its previously sharp edge.

It suddenly turned its head to look at Xu Ran.

“Human boy, follow me.”

“…Me?” Xu Ran, who snapped back to reality, pointed at himself, his face registering a look of astonishment, “Are you calling me, elder?”

“Yes, you.” The Demon Wood Semi-Saint nodded, then turned and drifted in the direction of the Core Area of the Monster Wooden Domain.

“We’ll follow!”

Quick to understand, Xu Ran quickly picked up Ziyun and Cancan, then leaped onto Star’s back.

“Xi Lu Lu!”

Accompanied by a cry from Star, the three companions turned into a blur, closely following the Demon Wood Semi-Saint and vanishing from the other creatures’ sight.

As the Demon Wood Semi-Saint left, the creatures exchanged glances, and a short silence fell upon the place.

And then, cheers and shouts of jubilation erupted.

The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood had ascended to sainthood, and a celebration was undoubtedly forthcoming.

—————–

Elsewhere, deep in the Monster Wooden Domain.

The place where the Demon Wood Semi-Saint had once rooted was now a massive, bottomless pit.

This was the mark it had left on the earth after pulling out its root system.

Now, Xu Ran and the Demon Wood Semi-Saint stood before this pit.

“Thank you for providing a safe haven for everyone during a time of crisis,” the Demon Wood Semi-Saint said after a moment of silence, its voice tinged with a hint of emotion. “Without it, my evolution might not have been so smooth.”

Although it had prepared for this evolution hundreds of years in advance, constantly fortifying and stabilizing the Monster Wooden Domain’s order and rehearsing the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes for the Evolution Ritual year after year,

It was only when it faced the Rebel of Order Attributes during the evolution that it realized it had underestimated the difficulty of this evolution.