Chapter 563: 302: Semi-Saint'S Gift! New Beginnings And Farewells!_2

Chapter 563: Chapter 302: Semi-Saint’s Gift! New Beginnings and Farewells!_2

“Senior, what does the second rule mean?” Xu Ran asked with a trace of confusion on his face.

It sounds a bit abstract, doesn’t it?

What does it mean that the more specific the defined rule is, the greater the deviation from the intrinsic rules of the heavens and earth, the shorter its effective time will be?

“Hmm…” The Demon Wood Semi-Saint pondered for a moment before slowly saying, “Let me give you a simple example. Just now I helped the three Quasi Emperors enhance their strength, and the rule I changed was ‘Emperor Species have no bottlenecks.’

“If I had changed the rule to ‘The Tortoise of Longevity, the Dark Abyss Bear Emperor, and the Gold-Blue Dragon have no bottlenecks,’ it would achieve the same effect of helping them break through, but the power consumed would increase more than tenfold.”

“Because the latter is a more specific rule, it consumes more power.”

“Another example…” The Demon Wood Semi-Saint paused for a moment before continuing, looking towards the three little ones behind Xu Ran, “If you encounter an opponent more powerful than yourself, and you need to use the Order Badge to set rules to weaken your opponent and strengthen yourself.”

“At that time, if the rule you set is for your three Pet Beasts to become stronger, this Order Badge might last only a few breaths before its power is exhausted.”

“But if the rule you set is for the Thunder Attribute, Fighting Attribute, Dark Attribute, and Earth Attribute to become stronger, the Order Badge could last for about two minutes.”

With two simple examples, Xu Ran easily understood which rules were more specific and how to extend the duration of the Order Badge while achieving the desired effects by establishing more general rules.

“Then what does it mean by the deviation from the intrinsic rules of the heavens and earth?” Xu Ran asked earnestly.

It was crucial for him to fully understand this in order to make the best use of this precious resource.

“This is also easy to understand,” the Demon Wood Semi-Saint explained patiently, “For example, you set a rule to increase the Meditation speed of this area, it could be tenfold, or even a hundredfold.”

“The existing rule of the heavens and earth is the normal Meditation speed, the bigger the deviation from the original rule, the shorter the duration will be.”

“I see now,” Xu Ran realized.

So that’s what it meant.

“Thank you for your kindness, Senior. I’ll be sure to use this treasure when it’s most needed!” Xu Ran once again sincerely thanked the other party for their kindness.

The three little ones behind him felt the same joy.

Who knows when this resource will be needed.

The Demon Wood Semi-Saint said no more, his gaze solemnly sweeping over the battered Monster Wooden Domain, “Now, it’s time to rebuild our shattered home.”

“Then I will not disturb Senior any longer,” Xu Ran took his leave wisely, riding on Star and speeding away.

The Demon Wood Semi-Saint did not look in Xu Ran’s direction again. Its roots emerged from the void and plunged into the huge pit on the ground, extending swiftly beneath the earth’s surface.

As its body contracted, it also expanded simultaneously.

Rooting itself back in its original place, the Saint Spirit Wheel of Life behind the Demon Wood Semi-Saint erupted with blinding brilliance. Majestic Power of Order radiated out from it as the center, sweeping through the entire Monster Wooden Domain like a fierce wind and spreading farther outward.

Bits of green-gold leaves quietly shattered, transforming into a sky full of sparkling lights, as the rich Power of Order turned into kindling, covering the Monster Wooden Domain with a new layer of rule-based power.

The rough and shattered land turned smooth again, the barren soil became fertile once more, the burnt flora ashed by flames regrew, the wounded creatures all healed, and the desolate earth returned to its original vitality in a breath’s time.

“Stop here!”

Xu Ran, halfway through his journey while riding Star, showed a spark of emotion and gestured for Star to halt.

Looking around at the Monster Wooden Domain that had been rejuvenated before his eyes, Xu Ran drew a sharp breath, turning his head to look at the shadow once again covering the sky and earth behind him.

He was in the business of Washing and Protection for Transcendent Beings, while the other was cleansing the entire Monster Wooden Domain.

Such was the might of a Semi-Saint, terrifying indeed.

The eyes of the man and his three beasts simultaneously reflected anticipation and longing.

When would they be able to achieve such strength themselves?

“Meow!” (Let’s find the Extinct Thunder Attraction!)

Ziyun let out a high call, its eyes full of burning fighting spirit.

Previously, it had set becoming an Emperor Species as its goal, but having seen the strength of the Holy Spirit Race, it was no longer satisfied with just that.@@novelbin@@

Evolving into an Emperor Species was merely a small step in its journey to become stronger.

And now, it was time to take that small step!

—————–

“Little Boss Xu, you really plan to leave Monster Wooden City?”

Standing at the entrance of the Starfire Foster Shop, Su Yunchuan looked a bit regretful, “Actually, I’ve heard about you for a long time, Boss Xu, it’s just that I never had the chance to meet you.”

“If you are willing to stay, the Beast Master Association of Monster Wooden Domain can offer you the position of vice president.”

“Although your strength is only at the General Level, your potential is so vast, and you played a major role in the recent events, I believe everyone would be convinced.”

“I am flattered by Chairman Su’s generous offer,” Xu Ran smiled and clasped his hands towards Su Yunchuan, “but my ambition lies elsewhere, and I must decline.”

Seeing the determination in Xu Ran’s eyes, Su Yunchuan sighed lightly, giving up on further persuasion, “If that’s the case, then let it be.”

“Outside the Monster Wooden Domain, wild Transcendent Beings harbor hostility towards Humans. Since you come from Xieyun City, Boss Xu, you must be well aware. How about I escort you part of the way?”

“No need,” Xu Ran shook his head again, “As long as I do not encounter a Beast Emperor or Quasi Emperor, I should be able to handle it with my strength.”