Chapter 568: 304: A New Lucky Fish?

Chapter 568: Chapter 304: A New Lucky Fish?

“Boss Xu, I have tried many washing and protection services for my Liuli Stone Dragon, but yours is the best I have ever seen,”

A Beast Master excitedly hugged a pretty lizard with glaze-colored scales all over its body. “It’s just a shame that the washing exhibit only lasts for two days.”

“No worries, after the exhibit, my foster shop will officially start operating. Feel free to drop by anytime,” Xu Ran said with a smile, pointing at the five big characters on the door of the washing room. “The washing environment in the store is even better, and the results will be even better.”

“Starfire Foster Care Shop, right? I’ll remember that. I’ll definitely come here in the future!” The Beast Master nodded seriously and then turned to leave with his pet beast.

“Take care~” Waving at the departing guest, Xu Ran’s smile grew even richer.

After waiting for so long, he had finally opened for business.

The guest who had just left was the first one to choose his services during the exhibit. To establish his reputation, he had washed the Liuli Stone Dragon with extraordinary care and effort, almost giving it a feel of a different race.

Clearly, the guest was very satisfied with the washing result.

A zero breakthrough had been achieved; things should only get better from now on.

As for the second customer…

“Hello, I wonder if there are any restrictions on the washing services here?”

Well, here comes one.

Xu Ran turned to look at the girl who had spoken.

She was a girl with long hair that reached her waist, dressed in a long dress and looked quiet and demure. At the moment, her eyes were full of curiosity as she looked at him and his washing room.

“Restrictions?” Xu Ran stroked his chin. “Due to the space constraints of this facility, we can’t wash super large-size pet beasts and those at the Overlord or Emperor Stage are beyond my service range.”

“Then there’s no problem!” The girl’s face lit up with a smile. Behind her, a hexagram star array flickered, and a fox with long red fur all over its body stepped out amidst the wind raised by the surging energy, then lightly leaped into the girl’s arms.

“Huh?” Xu Ran raised his eyebrows slightly.

At first, he thought it was a Flame Fox, which reminded him of an old friend in Qingzhou City, but upon closer examination, he realized this pet beast was quite distinct from a Flame Fox.

Its long red fur was not entirely red but rather showed a gradient from the roots to the tips, giving it a layered look reminiscent of a splendid sunset, breathtakingly beautiful.

Another difference from the Flame Fox was that it had six long, large tails that swayed flexibly behind it, adding a touch of charm and dignity.

A fire attribute leader species, Rosy Flame Demon Fox.

After a moment of searching his memory, Xu Ran matched it with its corresponding race.

As a fire attribute leader species just like the Flame Fox, the Rosy Flame Demon Fox was much rarer and more sought after since it not only possessed four two stars skills of a top leader species but was also one of the few with a clear evolutionary path from early on.

It could evolve into a fire attribute king species, the Jiu Xuan Flame Fox.

“Can you wash my Xiaoliu for me?” Holding the Rosy Flame Demon Fox up to Xu Ran, Chou Yue asked with anticipation.

She had been prepared to go to Liu Cang at Green Cloud Pet Foster Care Shop for washing, but after seeing the Liuli Stone Dragon, it only took her a second to change her decision.

She had a hunch that this unfamiliar young man and his unfamiliar foster shop might provide her with a pleasant surprise.

“Of course, not a problem.” Xu Ran said with a smile as he took over the Rosy Flame Demon Fox.

[Race name: Rosy Flame Demon Fox

Attribute: Fire@@novelbin@@

Growth Step: Elite Stage

Body type: Small size

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★☆☆☆

Evaluation: A lucky little fellow, it’s been well-cared for by its Beast Master, but there are some hidden impurities deep within that aren’t easily remedied by simple grooming. Host, make your move, maybe there are other unexpected gains waiting for you?]

Hm?

Giving a glance at the system’s evaluation, Xu Ran’s eyes moved slightly.

Unexpected gains?

For the system to give such an assessment, perhaps this Rosy Flame Demon Fox had some special qualities that he had yet to discover.

“Please come in.”

Inviting Chou Yue into the washing room, Xu Ran quickly set the Rosy Flame Demon Fox down on the washing platform and started preparing for the washing process.

Ziyun, who was in sync with Xu Ran, needed only a look from him to understand the resources he needed and brought them swiftly like a shadow.

Meanwhile, Star stood quietly by, waiting to infuse Xu Ran with more power when he felt weary.

Chou Yue casually found a seat and sat down, her eyes filled with unexpected colors as she watched the preparatory process of the man and his two pets.

Quite novel, indeed.

This wasn’t her first time observing a caretaker’s washing process, but it was her first time seeing a pet beast acting as an assistant during the process.

After all… many caretakers themselves weren’t very strong, and strong Beast Masters wouldn’t be willing to engage in this profession, providing services for other people’s pet beasts.

But it seemed that this young man was an exception.

He was not only a Beast Master, but he was also quite strong.

There were two pet beasts inside the washing room and one guarding the door outside, indicating that he had to be at least a Leadership Level Beast Master.

Thinking that she was an Elite Level Beast Master, but having a Leadership Level Beast Master washing her pet beast felt somewhat unusual.

As she idly pondered, a smile unwittingly formed at the corners of Chou Yue’s mouth.