Chapter 571 - 304: A New Lucky Fish?_4

Chapter 571: Chapter 304: A New Lucky Fish?_4

Fire Pet Beasts naturally resistance to water, so this silent and gentle moisturizing method could reduce their resistance to the greatest extent.

Of course, the most important thing was the variety of nourishing fire element resources blended into the bath liquid, which were the secret weapons that made Fire Pet Beasts fall in love with cleaning and caring.

Feeling the gentle flow of water saturate its fur, making the fur cling to its body as if being embraced by warmth, the Rosy Flame Demon Fox’s eyes colored like the dawn became more contented.

It couldn’t help twisting its body, making a slightly enchanting sound.

“Ying~”@@novelbin@@

It seemed that the cries of fox-type Pet Beasts were quite similar.

Xu Ran glanced at the Rosy Flame Demon Fox and a smile appeared in his eyes.

Before him, the prompt of pleasure value from the Rosy Flame Demon Fox’s accounts had appeared.

Next, it was time to show off his technique.

Xu Ran placed his hands lightly on the Rosy Flame Demon Fox’s thoroughly wet fur, then spread his fingers and pressed them onto different parts of the fox’s body, starting to massage deeply with a soft yet effective force.

Under Xu Ran’s professional stimulation, the power circulating within the Rosy Flame Demon Fox started to absorb the nourishing components of the bath liquid faster.

For the Rosy Flame Demon Fox, this novel sensation was stimulating as well.

Each of Xu Ran’s fingers penetrated deep into its skin, pulling at every hair follicle from points to planes, the thorough massage made every inch of the Rosy Flame Demon Fox’s body shudder with joy.

Like a continuous delicate current roaming through its body, its lithe form began to quiver unconsciously, and those dawn-colored eyes grew more hazy and distant.

As Xu Ran increased the intensity of his technique, the trembling of the Rosy Flame Demon Fox’s body grew more obvious, a misty bewilderment overflowing in its eyes as though it might spill out at any moment.

The expression of the Rosy Flame Demon Fox became more and more abnormal, as if it was struggling to restrain something, but the more it tried to hold back, the less it could do so.

In the end, a repressed low moan that had been held back for a long time emerged from its throat, mixed with a hint of embarrassment.

“Ying~~”

Watching her own Pet Beast act so bizarrely, Chou Yue, who had been observing the entire process, had her smile frozen on her face earlier and even felt pins and needles at this moment.

Watching the youth clean and care for her own Pet Beast, Chou Yue felt as if she were witnessing something shameful.

Such things should never be seen by others, but there she was, watching in the presence of the youth and her Pet Beast, which made her feel the need to leave the place in embarrassment.

And considering one of them was her own pet, her feelings became even more complex.

Isn’t the cleaning and caring here too strange?

Chou Yue let out a sigh in her heart, suddenly feeling as if she had boarded a bandit’s ship.

“Ying~~~”

Another sound, even stronger and more peculiar than before, echoed in the cleaning room, and Chou Yue couldn’t help covering her eyes with both hands, not wanting to see.

But in a few seconds, her fingers slightly parted, revealing her wide-open eyes.

I’m just concerned about my own Pet Beast…

Yes, that’s right!

—————–

“Wuu wuu wuu——”

With the buzzing sound of the hair dryer, Xu Ran completely dried the Rosy Flame Demon Fox’s fur down to its last inch, combed it out simply, and spoke with a smile.

“It’s finished.”

“Ying~~”

The Rosy Flame Demon Fox slowly stood up from the cleaning table, violently shook its body, causing each hair to become incredibly soft and fluffy, as if glowing, its hair had become more voluminous, creating a silky vision like a sunset descending upon the mortal world, absolutely stunning.

Its eyes still held a hint of haziness and longing, but gradually regaining its senses, it knew its cleaning was over. With a graceful leap, it landed on the ground, and then trotted over to Chou Yue’s side.

“This…” Chou Yue bent down, carefully holding her Pet Beast, afraid to even move in case she ruined the flawless groom.

Astonishment filled her eyes; the strange sensation during the cleaning process was now completely out of her mind.

Indeed, her instincts were right!

Chou Yue had taken her own Pet Beast for cleaning and caring at many Foster Shops, and even the best of them could definitely not bring her Rosy Flame Demon Fox to the state it was in now.

This unfamiliar young caretaker had given her a huge surprise!

On the other side, Xu Ran was also checking the fruits of his grooming labor.

Under normal circumstances, grooming a Leader Species Pet Beast of the Elite Stage wasn’t something he would check his rewards for.

Because at his B Level, acquiring Two stars Skills through Plucking Fur was almost a certainty, and Two stars Skills no longer held much meaning for his three little ones—they were directly decomposed into Skill Fragments.

However, the phrase that the system had presented after scanning the Rosy Flame Demon Fox had caught his attention.

And upon checking, he indeed found something unusual.

In the Pet Beast Skill column, there were three new skills.

[★★Flame Blossom]（Non-teachable）

[★★Burning Flame Slash]（Non-teachable）

[★★Rock Needle]（Teachable）

The skills he had obtained before had already been cleared and decomposed by him, so these three skills could only have come from today’s grooming.

Rock Needle must be the Earth attribute Skill he had obtained from grooming the Liuli Stone Dragon earlier.

As for the remaining two Fire attribute skills…

Xu Ran’s gaze couldn’t help but drift towards Chou Yue’s embrace where the Rosy Flame Demon Fox was.

Plucking Fur once and obtaining two skills?

The System Skill Plucking Fur’s effect allows a chance to acquire the target Pet Beast’s skills after use, with the probability changing depending on the Skill Star Level of the Pet Beast’s skills and the level of the System Skill.

It doesn’t state that only one Pet Beast Skill can be acquired, which means there is indeed a possibility to obtain multiple Pet Beast Skills from a single Plucking Fur.

But Xu Ran had only noticed this occurrence once since getting the skill.

Even though it’s possible that it happened before and he didn’t notice, there is no doubt that such a probability is exceedingly rare and unusual.

Could this be the unexpected reward that the system mentioned?

But an extra Two stars Skill for him was just four more Skill Fragments, which was a drop in the ocean for his current three little ones.

Isn’t that reward a bit too meager?

“Hello, please groom my other Pet Beast!”

Chou Yue’s voice interrupted Xu Ran’s train of thought.

Watching Chou Yue summon her second Pet Beast, Xu Ran quickly snapped back to reality and displayed an enthusiastic smile, “No problem!”

Chou Yue’s second Pet Beast was a Vitality Dog.

It was a Dog Type Pet Beast from the Super ability Attribute with a small body size, covered in short white curly fur, resembling a Bichon Frise, lively and clever, and also possessing four powerful Two stars Skills in the psychic realm, a Pet Beast with high potential as well.

Chou Yue’s preference for aesthetics when picking her Pet Beasts could be seen from her choice of the two.

And indeed, Chou Yue took great care in maintaining her two Pet Beasts, as the Washing and Protection requirement for the Vitality Dog was still only two stars.

However…

[Race name: Vitality Dog

Attribute: Super ability Attribute

Growth Step: Elite Stage

Body type: Small size

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★☆☆☆

Evaluation: A lucky little guy, it’s been well looked after by its Beast Master, but some hidden dirt deep inside isn’t something simple care can resolve. Host, take action, perhaps there will be other unexpected rewards?]

Looking at the system’s evaluation word for word, Xu Ran fell into deep thought.

“What’s wrong?” Seeing Xu Ran motionless, Chou Yue asked curiously.

“Nothing much,” Xu Ran said as he took a deep look at Chou Yue.

—————–