Chapter 575 - 305 Du Huayans Letter_4

"Qi An, it’s all set." The assistant swiftly completed the cleaning of the grooming table and spoke aloud.

"Help me call the next customer in," Du Qian rolled up his sleeves to the midsection of his upper arms and slowly said.

"Huh? Okay!" The assistant, momentarily stunned, quickly sported a hint of joy in his eyes and briskly walked towards the entrance of the grooming room.

He had worked with Du Qian for a long time and was very familiar with his habits.

Normally, when Du Qian groomed pets, he would roll his sleeves up to his elbows, but sometimes he would roll them up even higher, all the way to the midsection of his upper arms.

Oftentimes, this indicated that he was about to seriously get to work.

The assistant had been worried because of Du Qian’s action of actively dismissing customers, but now he was filled with newfound confidence.

A Du Qian who was serious about his work was bound to take the title of Cleaning Saint!

Pushing open the door of the grooming room, the assistant shouted outside.

-----------------

"Next!"

After sending off yet another satisfied customer, Xu Ran waved to the burgeoning queue outside the door, prompting the Beast Master customer at the very front to step forward eagerly, while the others in line started to rustle due to the freshly groomed Pet Beast.

Initially, they held a degree of skepticism towards this groomer recommended by Du Qian, an unfamiliar name, and even the Foster Shop was completely new to them.

But as each Pet Beast emerged from the grooming, transformed and refreshed, that skepticism had long turned into confidence and intense anticipation.

This groomer truly had the skills!

At this moment, many silently thanked Du Qian in their hearts.

That boy, when he recommends a master, he really means it!

"Mr. Xu, I came on Du Qian’s recommendation. Make sure you clean my Pet Beast well!" The new customer chuckled as he entered the grooming room and initiated conversation.

"Rest assured, I will do my utmost for every grooming session," Xu Ran smiled and replied, though a brief flicker of peculiarity flashed in his eyes.

The other person probably thought he was well acquainted with Du Qian, hence playing this card of sentiment.

But...

He really didn’t know the groomer called Du Qian.

An hour ago, he was just as surprised to see the sudden queue outside his shop.

After learning that all these customers had been referred by a groomer named Du Qian, his feelings were quite mixed.

Nevertheless, Xu Ran wasn’t completely clueless as to why Du Qian had done this.

Upon learning that Du Qian was from the Hundred Flowers Foster Store and shared the surname Du, Xu Ran roughly guessed the whole story.

Previously in Monster Wooden City, the owner of the Hundred Flowers Foster Store was named Du Huayan, who had been invited to establish a branch in Monster Wooden City, with the main store located in Bright Radiance City.

Clearly, the Hundred Flowers Foster Store where Du Qian worked was indeed the main store.

And, during a casual conversation, Du Huayan once mentioned she had a brother who was adept at grooming...

Without a doubt, this groomer named Du Qian must be Du Huayan’s brother.

Somehow he had learned about his existence from Du Huayan, and so he helped him out at this time?

Thinking this through, Xu Ran’s face showed a touch of melancholy.

Having just arrived in Bright Radiance City, he already owed someone a favor.

After the grooming exhibition ended, he’d have to visit the Hundred Flowers Foster Store personally to express his thanks.

While pondering, his hands remained swift, and with Ziyun’s cooperation, he had already finished preparing the Pet Beast for its washing and protection.

This customer’s Pet Beast was a Wind attribute Flying Scythe Weasel.

Despite its palm-sized body type, it stood out among the Leader Species of the Wind attribute, boasting astonishing speed and powerful offensive abilities, snatching lives in its elusive movements.

However, at this moment, under the influence of Xu Ran’s cleansing solution, the ruthless Wind assassin quickly revealed its vulnerabilities, its body trembling involuntarily, its face expressing comfort and relaxation, and its eyes filled with haziness and trance.

Soon, a melodious and peculiar sound echoed within the grooming room and even faintly passed through the door.

"Squeak~~~"

-----------------

"Phew~ it’s done, your pet beast cleaning and caring is complete." Liu Cang shook his slightly sore wrist and looked towards the waiting customer.

"Let me see." The customer who had been waiting for a while stepped forward quickly, inspecting their pet beast that was now looking radiant, a look of satisfaction appearing on their face, "Mr. Liu’s cleaning skills are as good as ever!"

"Hehe, you flatter me," Liu Cang laughed as he waved his hand, "It’s all part of the job."

"Anyway, I’m really grateful for Mr. Liu’s services," the customer said, holding their pet beast joyfully, "Do you need me to call the next customer for you?"

"Er… thank you very much, but there’s no need for now," Liu Cang shook his head.

"Then I won’t disturb Mr. Liu any longer, I’ll take my leave," said the customer, nodding and walking out the door with their pet beast.

Once the door of the cleaning room closed again, Liu Cang collapsed to the ground, swinging his arms, his face showing a helpless expression, "As I get older, my physical condition has definitely declined a lot."

"In the past, cleaning over a dozen pet beasts in a row was no problem, but now I need a break after just a few."

As he spoke, the Hexagram Star Array behind him flickered, and a pet beast that looked somewhat like a golden mushroom swiftly appeared.

Light Attribute Transcendent Stage, Leader Species, Golden Mushroom.

Liu Cang was also a Beast Master, but his talents were quite mediocre, and he didn’t have much desire to become stronger. He contracted a light attribute pet beast with healing abilities to assist him in his cleaning work.

As Liu Cang extended his hand towards the Golden Mushroom, it skillfully released a mist of light, enveloping his wrist.

In the warmth, Liu Cang immediately felt a great relief from the soreness in his wrist.

"Hehe, I’m lucky to have you," Liu Cang said, petting the Golden Mushroom’s head after the treatment ended, his face then filling with longing, "If a Beast Master becomes more powerful, their physical condition also improves, making cleaning more efficient."

"Unfortunately, powerful Beast Masters find the work of a caretaker beneath them."

At this point, Liu Cang suddenly thought of Xu Ran.

That unfamiliar-looking young man, isn’t he a strong Beast Master?

With three pet beasts, he must be at the Leadership Stage, right?

And he’s still so young…

Envy glinted in Liu Cang’s eyes.

The young man’s cleaning efficiency probably far surpasses his own.

But still…

When it comes to cleaning skills, naturally, I’m stronger!

With this thought, Liu Cang’s eyes regained some of his self-satisfaction, as though he had found back some of his confidence.

He propped himself up with his hands and stood up, "Come on Jin, accompany me outside to take a look."

Liu Cang had a habit, which was that once he started cleaning, he wouldn’t leave the cleaning room halfway through.

So from the first customer onwards, he had stayed in his little corner all along, even asking the previous customer to call in the next one.@@novelbin@@

At this moment, he was suddenly curious about how long the queue outside his door was, and… what the situation was like in the other cleaning rooms.

Presumably, the line of customers outside his cleaning room should be the longest in the nearby area, right?

Although his location was a bit out of the way, the cleaning expo had been going on for a while, and there should be quite a few customers from the entrance who gave up after waiting for a long time and decided to go deeper looking for cleaning rooms.

So…

Placing his hands on the door of the cleaning room, Liu Cang’s face held a bit of anticipation.

Daring to make a guess, could there be twenty customers in the queue outside?

With that thought, Liu Cang swung the door wide open.

Immediately after, the smile on his face stiffened.

One… two… three… four…

There were only a sparse four people in line outside.