Chapter 570 - 304: A New Lucky Fish?_3

Chapter 570: Chapter 304: A New Lucky Fish?_3

[★★Rock Needle](Teachable)

The skills he had obtained before had already been cleared and decomposed by him, so these three skills could only originate from today’s cleaning and care.

Rock Needle must have been the Earth attribute Skill obtained from the previous grooming of the Liuli Stone Dragon.

And the remaining two Fire attribute Skills…

Xu Ran’s gaze couldn’t help but drift towards the Rosy Flame Demon Fox cradled in Chou Yue’s arms.

To gain two skills from a single session of Plucking Fur?

The system’s Plucking Fur effect is that after use, there is a probability of obtaining the target Pet Beast’s Skill, with the probability changing along with the Pet Beast Skill Star Level and the System Skill’s level.

It does not state that only one Pet Beast Skill can be obtained, which means it is indeed possible to gain multiple Pet Beast Skills from one Plucking Fur session.

However, Xu Ran had only discovered this for the first time since obtaining the Skill.

Even though it might have happened before without his notice, it was without a doubt that the probability was extremely rare and uncommon.

Could this be the unexpected gain the system mentioned?

But one more two-star Skill for him was merely four more Skill Fragments, which was just a drop in the bucket for his three small Pet Beasts.

Wasn’t such a gain too meager?

“Hello, please help me with the grooming of my other Pet Beast!”

Chou Yue’s voice interrupted Xu Ran’s thoughts.

Watching Chou Yue, who had already summoned her second Pet Beast, Xu Ran quickly snapped back to reality and showed an enthusiastic smile, “No problem!”

Chou Yue’s second Pet Beast was a Vitality Dog.

It was a small-sized dog type Pet Beast with a Super Ability attribute, covered in short white curls, very similar in appearance to the Bichon Frise, lively and astute, and also had four powerful two-star skills in the direction of telekinesis, also a Pet Beast with great potential.

From the choice of her two Pet Beasts, one could see Chou Yue’s preference for their appearances when selecting her beasts.

And Chou Yue indeed took great care of her two Pet Beasts. The Washing and Protection requirement for the Vitality Dog was still only two stars.

However…

[Race Name: Vitality Dog

Attribute: Super Ability Attribute

Growth Step: Elite Stage

Body Type: small size

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★☆☆☆

Evaluation: A lucky little fellow, it’s been well-cared for by its own Beast Master, but some hidden deep-seated dirt can’t be simply dealt with by grooming, host please take action, perhaps there will be other unexpected gains, huh?]

Seeing the system’s assessment word for word, Xu Ran fell into contemplation.

“What’s the matter?” Seeing Xu Ran motionless, Chou Yue curiously inquired.

“Nothing much.” Xu Ran took a deep look at Chou Yue.

—————–

Belonging to the same Fire Attribute Leader Species as the Flame Fox, the Rosy Flame Demon Fox was much more sought-after and rare because it was not only a top-rated Leader Species with four two-star Skills but also one of the few Breeds with a clear evolutionary path available early on.

It could evolve into the Fire Attribute King Species, the Jiu Xuan Flame Fox.

“Can you groom my Little Six?” Holding the Rosy Flame Demon Fox in her arms and lifting it to Xu Ran, Chou Yue asked expectantly.

Originally planning to go to Liu Cang at Green Cloud Pet Foster Care Shop next door for grooming, after seeing the Liuli Stone Dragon, it took her only a second to decide to make a different choice.

She had an intuition that this unfamiliar young man and his unfamiliar foster shop might bring her a surprise.

“Of course, there’s no problem,” Xu Ran said with a smile as he took the Rosy Flame Demon Fox from her.

[Race Name: Rosy Flame Demon Fox

Attribute: Fire Attribute

Growth Stage: Elite Stage

Body Type: small size

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★☆☆☆

Evaluation: A lucky little fellow, it’s been well-cared for by its own Beast Master, but some hidden deep-seated dirt can’t be simply dealt with by grooming, host please take action, perhaps there will be other unexpected gains, huh?]

Hmm?

Glancing casually at the evaluation given by the system, Xu Ran’s expression shifted slightly.

Unexpected gains?

For the system to give such an assessment, there must be some special aspects of the Rosy Flame Demon Fox that he had not yet discovered.

“Please come in.”

Inviting Chou Yue to enter the grooming room with him, Xu Ran quickly placed the Rosy Flame Demon Fox gently on the grooming table and then turned to start preparing for the grooming session.

Ziyun, who was in tune with Xu Ran’s intent, needed only a glance from him to understand what resources he needed and swiftly gathered and delivered them like a fleeting shadow.

Meanwhile, Star stood quietly to the side, waiting to infuse Xu Ran with more power when he grew tired.

Chou Yue casually took a seat, looking at the preparations of the one man and two beasts in surprise.

It was indeed novel.

It wasn’t her first time witnessing a grooming process by a Caretaker, but it was the first time she saw Pet Beasts acting as assistants during grooming.

After all… many groomers themselves didn’t have great strength, and those Beast Masters with strength wouldn’t be inclined to engage in this profession, serving other people’s Pet Beasts.

And the young man before her seemed to be an exception.

Not only was he a Beast Master, but also his strength was not weak.

With two Pet Beasts inside the grooming room and one guarding outside, it indicated that he was at least a Beast Master of the Leadership Level.

Realizing that she herself was only an Elite Level Beast Master, yet having her Pet Beasts groomed by a Leadership Level Beast Master felt somewhat strange.

Lost in her thoughts, a hint of a smile crept onto Chou Yue’s face without her noticing.

On the other side, Xu Ran had also efficiently completed the preparations needed for the grooming.

Adjusting the water temperature, he quickly took the showerhead, blocked the spray with the palm of his other hand, and allowed the warm grooming solution to wet the fur of the Rosy Flame Demon Fox in the gentlest way possible through the buffer of his palm.@@novelbin@@