Chapter 588 - 309: Du Qians Visit, A Rare Washing And Protection Subject!

"Welcome to visit again~"

With the support from the Association, the business on the second day after the opening exceeded Xu Ran’s imagination by a wide margin.

Having seen off another satisfied customer, even Xu Ran, with his strong physique, began to feel a hint of fatigue.

Looking at the long line of customers still waiting outside the shop, he knew it was time to summon Star.

Soon, a clear and fervent neigh resounded throughout the shop.

Star, having had its rest and fully rejuvenated, immediately linked with Xu Ran through the destiny chain, transferring its power to him to dispel his exhaustion.

"Hard work," Xu Ran said with a smile as he patted its head, "the business is so good today, we might need your help a few more times."

"Xi Lu~" (No problem!)

Star neighed, shaking its head and settled next to the counter in the open space.

Ziyun and Cancan, who were awakened by the summoning commotion, quickly appeared in the shop as well, watching with interest as Xu Ran greeted the next customer.

Seeing the long line outside the shop, the three creatures couldn’t help but whisper to each other.

"Meow?" (Why is the business so good today?)

"Chirp~" (Don’t know!)

"Xi Lu~" (Anyway, good business is a good thing.)

"Meow!" (Right, this way we can summon more staff faster to share Xu Ran’s workload!)

While the three little ones were exchanging words, Xu Ran efficiently finished the washing and protection task for this customer and, after seeing him out of the shop, gestured for the next customer to come in.

Soon, a young figure entered the shop.

It was a handsome man, who appeared to be in his early twenties, with a habitual smile on his face that gave off a feeling of a spring breeze.

What attracted the most attention were his hands.

The man’s hands were white and smooth, with very faint lines and well-defined, slender joints that were particularly eye-catching.

"Hello, what Pet Beast do you need washing and protection for?" Xu Ran couldn’t help but give the man a few glances before casually asking.

"My name is Du Qian," the man said with a smile, suddenly introducing himself.

"Hmm?" Xu Ran was momentarily taken aback, then revisited his assessment of the man.

Of course, he had not forgotten that at the Pet Beast Washing and Protection exhibition, a caretaker from the Hundred Flowers Foster Store named Du Qian had taken the initiative to direct traffic to him, helping him quickly overcome the initial embarrassment of having no customers.

"Ms. Du Huayan is your..."

"She’s my older sister." Du Qian said with a smile, his face showing a hint of pride.

Clearly, he held a deep admiration for his sister who had even greater washing and protection skills.

"I thought so." Xu Ran revealed a look of realization and enthusiastically shook his hand, "I’m really grateful for your help at the exhibition."

"It’s a small matter," Du Qian shook his head slightly, "My sister mentioned your washing techniques in her letter, she believes they are the most magical she has ever seen."

"Even though I have not witnessed them myself, I trust her judgment. A caretaker like you should not be obscured by an out-of-the-way location."

"And I believe, even without my little help, the title ’Cleaning Saint’ would still have been yours."

In the midst of their conversation, Du Qian looked up at the pennant on the wall with a hint of yearning in his eyes, "The flag is great, I’ll bring out a better performance in three years to take it from you."

"Hahaha, agreed," Xu Ran laughed heartily. After a brief exchange, he felt a considerable sense of kinship with the young caretaker standing before him, who was even younger than himself, "I suppose you are here today for something more than just a chat, right?"

"Indeed, I have specially reserved an hour of washing and protection appointment time, and it’s not for chatting," Du Qian nodded appreciatively, "If possible, I would like to observe the process of you washing and caring for other customers’ pets."

"Rest assured, I’ll keep quiet and won’t interfere with your business."

"Of course, that’s not a problem," Xu Ran nodded without a moment’s hesitation, "and we could even discuss techniques if the customers agree."

"That would be wonderful," Du Qian’s eyes lit up.

Every caretaker has key points in their washing technique.

Just by watching with the naked eye, even someone with as good washing skills as Du Qian would find it hard to fully comprehend these key points.@@novelbin@@

But conversation changes everything.

"Shall I go call in the next customer?"

"Please."

Du Qian made a welcoming gesture, retreated to a corner of the shop, smiled kindly at the three curious little creatures looking over and then turned his attention towards the shop entrance.

Shortly after, Xu Ran came back with a muscular man in tow.

"Sir, which Pet Beast of yours requires washing and caring?" Xu Ran asked with a polite smile.

"This one." Behind the big man, the Hexagram Star Array flickered, and soon, a Bird Pet Beast with two heads and a body engulfed in crimson flames, cried shrilly as it burst out of the windstorm.

With its arrival, the temperature inside the shop also started to climb rapidly.

[Race Name: Double-headed Flame Crow

Attribute: Fire

Growth Stage: General Level

Body Type: Medium

Washing and Protection Requirement: ★★★★☆

Review: This special individual with two heads holding different consciousnesses could potentially provide double the Pleasure Value when cared for!]

After glancing at the system’s rather serious evaluation, a rich smile spread across Xu Ran’s face.

If you’re saying this, then I’m really gearing up now.

In the realm of Transcendent Beings, those with multiple consciousnesses are relatively rare. Xu Ran had heard of a few, but had never cared for one until now.