Chapter 586 - 308: A Building With Its Own Koi Property?!_3

```

Back in Qingzhou City, Xu Ran’s Plucking Fur had just been upgraded from D-level to C-level, with the highest obtainable Skills going from one star to two stars, and Liu Gu, who had successively acquired two stars Skills, became his first Lucky Fish.

By the time he got to Xieyun City, Xu Ran’s Plucking Fur had been promoted to B-level, and the highest Skill he could obtain had become a three-star Skill. It was also by the same method that he discovered the Koi Property of the Qin families brother and sister.

Unfortunately, later in Monster Wooden City, Xu Ran failed to meet such a person.

Now, however, upon arriving in Bright Radiance City, it seemed as though the situation had changed slightly.

The Lucky Fish girl Chou Yue he met the day before yesterday was just an Elite Level Beast Master.

She did not possess a King Species Pet Beast, nor could she obtain a Three Star Skill through the Plucking Fur from her Pet Beast, so her Koi Property manifested in another way.

Acquiring two two-star Skills at once.

Just today, Xu Ran encountered a Beast Master who had plucked four three-star Skills in a row, but the other party wasn’t a Lucky Fish—with ten consecutive tries and no purple.

Adding on to that, the Green-eyed Thunder Snake that had just been washed and protected also acquired a three-star Skill...

Xu Ran stopped in his tracks, slightly lifting his head to look at the ceiling.

Could there be a possibility...

That the one with the Koi Property is not the two customers in front of him, but this building itself?

"Boss Xu, we’ve paid, so we’re leaving now!" Zhang Peng’s voice brought Xu Ran back to his senses.

Looking at Du Zhou and Zhang Peng, who were already standing at the shop door with their Pet Beasts looking brand new, eager to stroll down the streets, Xu Ran nodded, "Take care."

Once the two had left, Xu Ran returned behind the counter, gently tapping it with his fingers, his face showing a look of anticipation.

He was curious to see how the next customer would perform.

And his wait did not last long.

Perhaps due to Du Zhou and Zhang Peng’s Pet Beasts being too eye-catching, it was only a few minutes before someone came asking, "Boss, was that very large Thunder Attribute snake Pet Beast washed and protected by you?"

"It was I," Xu Ran stood up and looked at the newcomer.

She was a short-haired female Beast Master with gentle features yet a hint of fierceness in her eyes, followed by a slender cherry-pink snake Pet Beast.

Compared to the nearly thirty-meter-long Green-eyed Thunder Snake, the Pet Beast in front of her was much smaller, less than ten meters in length, and noticeably more delicate.

Combining her question upon entry and Xu Ran’s guesses about her intentions, he asked, "You want to get your Pet Beast washed and protected?"

"Yes," the short-haired woman nodded, "How much does it cost?"

"The Price Menu is over there."

"Let me see…" Following Xu Ran’s instructions, the short-haired woman quickly saw the Price Menu hanging on the wall opposite, "Large Pet Beast washing and protection for 66,666 Yuan a time?"

She slightly frowned, evidently finding it somewhat expensive, but recalling the stunning sight of the Green-eyed Thunder Snake, she felt tempted to give it a try.

"Sss~"

The snake Pet Beast behind her hissed, seemingly reminding its Beast Master about something.

The short-haired woman quickly looked up following the Pet Beast’s gaze and soon spotted the banner hanging high on the wall.

"Cleaning Saint?" There was unmistakable astonishment in the short-haired woman’s eyes.

If it were the Cleaning Saint, then such a price might be acceptable.

She took a deep breath and made her decision.

"Please clean and protect my Xiao Ying."@@novelbin@@

"No problem," Xu Ran said with a smile, nodding and at the same time, initiating the System Identification.

This cherry-pink snake was something he had never seen before.

He was quite curious to find out its Race name.

[Race name: Yingluo Flower Snake

Attribute: Super Ability

Growth Stage: Leadership Stage

Body Type: Large Size

Washing and Protection Requirement: ★★☆☆☆

Evaluation: Far from the cold and fierce stereotypes, this is a Snake Pet Beast known for its agility, cuteness, and high attractiveness. It looks forward to the Host revealing its undisclosed side with adept hands!]

Develop... what the hell.

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly, then he looked at the short-haired woman’s Pet Beast.

Yingluo Flower Snake...

As described in the System Identification, this Snake Pet Beast vastly differed from the Green-eyed Thunder Snake seen before, its slender body granting it a unique grace, and the cherry-pink scales added another level to its aesthetics.

Through perception, Xu Ran could feel that, although the Yingluo Flower Snake was merely at the Leadership Stage, it was also a member of the King Species.

Perfect, he could test his recent conjecture with it.

"Please follow me." Xu Ran gestured an invitation and then led the way into the Washing and Protection room.

"Let’s go, Xiao Ying," the short-haired woman softly spoke, a glimmer of expectancy in her eyes as she followed with the Yingluo Flower Snake.

As the doors to the Washing and Protection room closed once more, the three little ones inside exchanged glances, whispering among themselves.

"Cheer~" (It’s Super Ability Attribute just like Twelve~)

Cancan propped its head with one paw, expressing interest aloud.

"Meow~" (It’s nothing compared to Twelve.)

Ziyun shook its head with indifference.

The sight of the round Twelve always inspired it to grab hold and play; in front of this elongated creature, it had no interest whatsoever.

Thinking of Twelve, Ziyun couldn’t help but move its paws restlessly.

Counting the days, it had been more than half a month since they had parted.

Yet it felt as if they had been apart for a very long time.

"Xi Lu~" (We will bring it back.)

Seemingly understanding Ziyun’s thoughts, Star opened its eyes slowly, hissing softly.

```