Chapter 587 - 308: A Building With Its Own Koi Property?!_4

"Meow~" (Of course.)

Ziyun’s paws slightly arched, sharp Claw Edges popping out from the pads, eyes gleaming with a few more slices of sharpness.

It was close, so very close.

Once it acquired the Extinct Thunder Attraction and met the other Evolution Conditions, it would immediately undergo its second evolution.

After successfully evolving, it would definitely reclaim its little cushion!

As the three little ones communicated, strange hissing sounds started to faintly emanate from within the Washing and Protection room. Hearing that noise, the three little ones simultaneously showed an expression of watching an interesting show.

Fourth Stage contract power could allow the Beast Master and Pet Beast to temporarily share senses.

Therefore, even without entering the Washing and Protection room, they could watch the entire washing process through Xu Ran’s eyes.

Watching the delicate and gentle Yingluo Flower Snake uncontrollably writhing in Xu Ran’s hands, the expressions of the three little ones also became increasingly bizarre.

"Meow~" (Stop looking.)

Ziyun raised its paw and gave Cancan a slap on the side.

Don’t you understand what ’not suitable for young creatures’ means?

Cancan, who was unjustly slapped, wore an aggrieved expression and cut off the shared senses.

Look what happened?

Young creatures need to grow too!

Do you have any idea how traumatic that slap was for a three-month-old baby creature that’s three hundred meters long?

-----------------

"Welcome to visit again~"

Standing outside the shop, Xu Ran smiled as he bid farewell to the short-haired woman who was leaving satisfied.

Behind her, the appearance of the Yingluo Flower Snake had undergone an earth-shattering transformation from the time of arrival.

Each of its thin and semi-transparent scales were meticulously polished by Xu Ran, sparkling with a bright and lustrous sheen under the sunlight, the gradient cherry-pink colors appeared vivid and distinct, as if petals had fallen on its body.

The already high-valued snake, after being handled by Xu Ran, now possessed a magic capable of fascinating all living creatures.

Well… Aptly, as a Super ability Attribute creature, it was skilled in illusion and charm-type Skills, and this complemented it well.

"Boss Xu, your Washing and Protection skills are truly amazing," the short-haired woman was no longer dubious as she had been upon arrival. After experiencing the washing session, she had become a loyal fan of Xu Ran, "I’ll recommend your shop to my friends!"

"Then I’m even more grateful," Xu Ran smiled and waved to the short-haired woman, his already great mood getting even better.

Once the woman had disappeared from view, Xu Ran’s gaze swept over the system panel.

On the system panel, there was a new Skill.

[★★★ Bewildered Heart Branding] (Not teachable)

This new Skill originated from the Yingluo Flower Snake he had just handled.

It could silently embed a controlling brand on an opponent and trigger it when necessary, briefly controlling the opponent’s actions.

The duration of the control depended on the power gap between the two parties, and after activating once, the brand would automatically disappear.

Even among the elusive Super ability Attribute Skills, this one could be considered quite rare and special.

The five Three Star Skills he had acquired earlier had all been dismantled into Skill Fragments by Xu Ran, including the Thunder Attribute skills acquired from the Green-eyed Thunder Snake, as they were not a good fit for Ziyun.

But this Skill could be kept for use by Ten in the future.

The reason for Xu Ran’s good mood wasn’t just because he had acquired a nice new Skill, but also because he had obtained another Three Star Skill, which almost confirmed a suspicion in his heart.

Who says only Humans can have the Lucky Fish Property?

Xu Ran stood in the shop, carelessly performed ten consecutive draws, then his expression fell.

Hmm… Another ten draws without a purple.

It seemed that this speculation still needed further verification.

"Is this ’Cleaning Saint’ Mr. Xu Ran’s Foster Shop?"

"Yes, that’s right," hearing the inquiry from outside the shop, Xu Ran quickly turned around and put on a warm smile.

"Welcome~"

-----------------

Time flew by as the business thrived enthusiastically.

In the blink of an eye, the first day of the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Bright Radiance City came to an end.

Compared to the first day’s business at the three other branches, Bright Radiance City’s branch could be described as a wildly lucky start, having welcomed over a dozen walk-in customers on its first day.

Although they all came for the Washing and Protection service and did not try other services, for Xu Ran, this was already enough.

In addition, through a day of experimentation, Xu Ran had gradually perfected his hypothesis.

Just as he suspected, this Dawn Building No.1 did indeed possess the Lucky Fish property.

-----------------

"Meow~" (Stop looking.)

Ziyun lifted a paw and gave Cancan, who was beside her, a slap.

Don’t you know what’s meant by young beasts shouldn’t watch?

Cancan, perplexed by the sudden slap, wore a face full of grievance as she cut off the shared connection.

What’s the matter?

Young beasts need to grow too!

Do you realize how much of a mental shadow this slap could cast on a three-month-old baby beast that’s three hundred meters long?

-----------------

"Welcome to come again~"

Standing at the shop’s entrance, Xu Ran smiled and bid farewell to the satisfied short-haired woman who was leaving.

Behind her, the appearance of the Yingluo Flower Snake had undergone an earth-shattering transformation from when it arrived.

Each of its delicate, semi-transparent scales had been meticulously polished and cleaned by Xu, now shimmering in the sunlight with a bright and lustrous sheen, its gradient cherry-pink color as vivid and clear as if petals had fallen upon its body.

The already attractive creature, having been treated by Xu Ran, had acquired a seductive magic that appealed to all living beings.@@novelbin@@

Hmm... Fittingly, as a creature with Super ability Attribute, it was adept at illusion and charm type skills; this treatment complimented its natural talents.

"Boss Xu, your Washing and Protection skills are really top-notch," the short-haired woman, no longer as skeptical as when she arrived, had become a loyal fan after experiencing the grooming, "I will recommend your shop to my friends!"

"Then I’m even more grateful," Xu Ran waved to the short-haired woman with a smile, his already excellent mood becoming even better.

As the woman disappeared from sight, Xu Ran glanced over the system panel.

On the system panel, there was a new skill.

[★★★ Bewildered Heart Branding] (Non-teachable)

This new skill, originated from the recently treated Yingluo Flower Snake.

It could silently implant a brand of control on an opponent that could be triggered when needed, briefly controlling the target’s actions.

The duration of control depended on the power difference between the two parties, and after being activated once, the branding would automatically disappear.

Even amongst the elusive Super ability Attribute skills, this skill was considered quite rare and special.

The five Three Star Skills previously acquired had all been decomposed by Xu Ran into Skill Fragments, including the Thunder Attribute skills obtained from the Green-eyed Thunder Snake because they were not compatible with Ziyun.

This skill, however, could be kept for future use by Twelve.

The real reason for Xu Ran’s good mood wasn’t just the acquisition of a decent new skill, but also because obtaining another Three Star Skill had almost confirmed his speculation.

Who says that only Humans can possess the Lucky Fish property?

Xu Ran stood in the middle of the shop, took a chance with a ten-pull, and then his expression fell.

Hmm... another ten-pull without a single purple.

It seemed that his hypothesis still required further verification.

"Is this Mr. Xu Ran’s Starfire Foster Shop known as ’Cleaning Saint’?"

"Yes, this is the place." Upon hearing the inquiry outside the store, Xu Ran quickly turned around, immediately putting on an enthusiastic smile.

"Welcome to visit~"

-----------------

Time flew by in a bustling business operation.

In the blink of an eye, the first day of business at Bright Radiance City’s Starfire Foster Care Shop came to an end.

Compared to the first day’s business at the three other branches, Bright Radiance City’s branch could be described as a wildly lucky start, having welcomed over a dozen walk-in customers on its first day.

Although they all came for the Washing and Protection service and did not try other services, for Xu Ran, this was already enough.

In addition, through a day of experimentation, Xu Ran had gradually perfected his hypothesis.

Just as he suspected, this Dawn Building No.1 did indeed possess the Lucky Fish property.