Chapter 585 - 308: A Building With Its Own Lucky Fish Attribute?!_2

```

"Meow~" (It’s nowhere near as fun as Number Twelve.)

Ziyun shook her head with indifference.

Every time it saw the plump Number Twelve, it couldn’t resist the urge to pounce and play, but it had zero interest in this long fellow.

Thinking of Number Twelve, Ziyun’s paws involuntarily twitched.

Time-wise, it had been more than half a month since they’d parted.

Yet, it always felt like it had been much longer.

"Xi Lu~" (We will bring it back.)

Star seemed to understand Ziyun’s thoughts and slowly opened its eyes with a hiss.

"Meow~" (That’s a must.)

Ziyun’s paw slightly arched, sharp Claw Edge protruding from the pad, with a bit more sharpness in its eyes.

It was close, very close.

Once it obtained the Extinct Thunder Attraction and met the other Evolution Conditions, it would evolve for the second time immediately.

Once evolved, it would definitely reclaim its little pillow!

While the trio communicated, a strange hissing began to emanate faintly from the Washing and Protection room. Hearing the noise, all three looked as if they were watching a good drama unfold.

Fourth Stage contract power allowed the Beast Master and the Pet Beast to temporarily share senses.

So even without entering the Washing and Protection room, they could watch the whole process through Xu Ran’s eyes.

Watching the delicate and gentle Yingluo Flower Snake uncontrollably writhing in Xu Ran’s hands, the expressions of the three pets grew increasingly peculiar.

"Meow~" (Stop looking.)

Ziyun raised a paw and smacked Cancan next to it.

Do you not understand what is meant by ’not suitable for young pets’?

Cancan, who was smacked out of the blue, looked aggrieved and cut off the shared connection.

Why, what’s wrong?

Young pets need to grow too!

Do you know how much psychological shadow such a smack might cast on a three-month-old baby that’s three hundred meters long!

-----------------

"Welcome back anytime~"

Standing outside the shop, Xu Ran sent off the short-haired woman with a smile who was satisfied with her visit.

Behind her, the appearance of the Yingluo Flower Snake had undergone a transformative change from when it arrived.

Every thin, semi-transparent scale had been meticulously washed and polished by Xu Ran, shimmering under the sunlight with a bright and lustrous sheen, the cherry pink gradient appearing vivid and distinct, as if flower petals had settled upon its body.

The already very good-looking creature, after a round in Xu Ran’s hands, now possessed a certain charm almost magical enough to bewitch all living beings.

Hmm... perfect for the Super ability Attribute it naturally excelled in, skills like illusions and charm, complementing each other.

"Boss Xu, your Washing and Protection skills are really amazing." The short-haired woman’s skepticism upon arrival was gone, replaced by the demeanor of a devoted fan after the service, "I’ll recommend your shop to my friends!"

"Then I couldn’t be more grateful." Xu Ran waved at the short-haired woman with a smile, his already great mood getting even better.

When the woman’s figure disappeared from sight, Xu Ran’s gaze swept over the system panel.

A brand-new skill had been added to the system panel.

[★★★Bewildered Heart Branding](Not teachable)

This new skill originated from the Yingluo Flower Snake that just left.

It could silently implant a controlling brand on an opponent, triggering it when needed to briefly control the opponent’s actions.

The duration of control depended on the power gap between the sides, and the brand would disappear automatically after activation.

Even among the elusive and varied Super ability Attribute skills, this one stood out as particularly rare and unique.

The previous five Three Star Skills Xu Ran had acquired were broken down into Skill Fragments, including the Thunder Attribute skills gained from the Green-eyed Thunder Snake, as they didn’t suit Ziyun.

This skill, however, could be kept for Number Twelve’s use in the future.

And Xu Ran’s good mood wasn’t just because he got a nice new skill—it also almost confirmed a theory he had.

Who says, only Humans can have the Lucky Fish Property?@@novelbin@@

Xu Ran stood in his shop and casually tried a ten-consecutive draw, then his face fell.

Hmm... another ten-consecutive draw without purple.

It seemed his theory still needed further verification.

"Is this the ’Cleaning Saint’ Mr. Xu Ran’s Foster Shop?"

"Yes, that’s right." Hearing the inquiry outside, Xu Ran swiftly turned around, instantly putting on an enthusiastic smile.

"Welcome~"

-----------------

Time flew by in the bustling business.

In the blink of an eye, the first day of operations at the Starfire Foster Shop in Bright Radiance City came to an end.

Compared to the first day’s business of the past three branches, the Bright Radiance City branch was like hitting the jackpot right at the start, already hosting more than a dozen customers.

Although they all came for the Washing and Protection service and didn’t try other services, it was enough for Xu Ran.

Moreover, through one day’s trial, Xu Ran refined his theory.

As he suspected, the Dawn Building No.1 indeed came with the Koi Property.

-----------------

The Koi Property is an unfathomable concept.

It might only affect a specific person or type of person, or it might bring good luck to everyone.

However, there’s no "I am a Lucky Fish" sign floating above the head of someone with this property, making it difficult to ascertain its existence directly.

Xu Ran had a brutally simple way to judge whether someone had his Lucky Fish, which was whether he could repeatedly obtain the highest possible Skills to pluck from them.

This method had been unfailingly effective in the past.

```