Chapter 582 - 307: Starfire Foster Care Shop In Bright Radiance City, Grand Opening!_3

With its appearance, the grandeur of the General Level surged within the Washing and Protection room.

General Level・King Species, Green-eyed Thunder Snake.

"Hiss——"

As soon as it appeared, the Green-eyed Thunder Snake lowered its head, which had been held high, and gazed at Xu Ran.

Yesterday, through sharing senses with the Beast Master, it had witnessed the transformation of its three companions at the hands of this man.

Yet, due to its body type, it had been unable to receive the same service.

This had left the Green-eyed Thunder Snake rather dissatisfied.

Fortunately, it hadn’t waited too long.@@novelbin@@

Today, it would receive the same Washing and Protection Service!

At this thought, a glint of excitement flashed in the thunderbolt-like pupils of the Green-eyed Thunder Snake.

Humans, hurry up and wash me!

-----------------

"Du Zhou, have you heard? A couple of days ago, the Association organized a Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring exhibition."

Two people walking side by side on Bright Avenue, one of them bumped the other with his shoulder and asked cheerfully.

"What? There was such a good thing and you didn’t tell me?" Du Zhou took a deep breath, and his expression instantly filled with grief, "The Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring exhibition was only held for two days, it’s already over, isn’t it?"

"I’m telling you now, aren’t I?" The person who had asked before laughed, patting Du Zhou on the shoulder.

"You’re really timely with your news," Du Zhou huffed, shrugging off his hand, "Enough, Zhang Peng, I’m going to be done with you for a day!"

"Fine then, in that case, I just won’t tell you the big news from last night’s Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring exhibition," Zhang Peng replied with a shrug, a look of indifference on his face.

As expected, Du Zhou took the bait, his ears perked up as he grabbed him, "Quick, what’s the big news?"

"Hehe," Zhang Peng chuckled, "You would never guess who won the ’Cleaning Saint’ title in this Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring exhibition."

"Is it Du Qian from Hundred Flowers Foster Store? Or Chu Ranran from Red Snow Foster Home? Or Duan Yunchu from Sails Foster Home?"

Listing several well-known Caretakers in Bright Radiance City in one breath, Du Zhou paused, "I think Du Qian is most likely, supporting my family member."

After speaking, he glanced at Zhang Peng’s expression and couldn’t help frowning, "Could it be none of them?"

"Exactly. The one who got the ’Cleaning Saint’ title is a Caretaker called Xu Ran!" Zhang Peng said, his head bobbing with pride, as if he had been there himself.

"Xu Ran? Never heard of him," Du Zhou felt even more puzzled upon hearing Zhang Peng’s answer, "Which Foster Shop’s Caretaker is he?"

"This is the interesting part," Zhang Peng smiled, "Xu Ran isn’t a Caretaker from any Foster Shop here in Bright Radiance City right now. He’s from out of town and will be opening his own Foster Shop here."

"The name of the Foster Shop is already decided; it’s Starfire Foster Care Shop," Zhang Peng said, acting like he knew Xu Ran well, "In my opinion, the shop will open in no more than half a month at most."

"From out of town... no shop..." Du Zhou mulled over the interesting tidbits Zhang Peng had shared and couldn’t help asking for more, "Any other interesting stories?"

"Of course, there are," Zhang Peng revealed an expression that said ’you’ve asked the right person,’ "You know that after the Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring exhibition there’s an award ceremony to give prizes to excellent Caretakers, and to announce who obtained the ’Cleaning Saint’ title."

"Seems like that’s the case," Du Zhou nodded, "What about it?"

"Xu Ran obtained the ’Cleaning Saint’ title, but he did not appear at the award ceremony last night," Zhang Peng patted Du Zhou’s shoulder, "Guess why?"

"I’m not guessing, stop beating around the bush," Du Zhou raised an eyebrow, his eyes showing a hint of aggression, "Hurry up! Tell me!"

"Alright, alright, I’ll tell you," Zhang Peng raised his hands in surrender, "The reason is that Xu Ran still had customers he hadn’t finished washing. He was caring for his customers and thus missed the award ceremony."

"By that time the Cleaning and Caring exhibition had been over for more than an hour, and logically the customers who didn’t make the queue weren’t supposed to get free washing services."

"But Xu Ran still washed all the queued customers for free before he left."

"This..." Du Zhou’s face showed a mix of surprise, "Hearing you say this, this Caretaker called Xu Ran really seems dedicated. I’m thinking about taking my Pet Beast to him for a wash."

"Hehe," Zhang Peng smiled smugly, "Guess why I know so much about this?"

"Because among the customers who didn’t make the queue but were lucky to receive Xu Ran’s services, there was me."

Du Zhou: "..."

If looks could kill, he would have slain his insensitive friend!

"Relax, relax," It seemed Du Zhou’s glare made Zhang Peng a bit uneasy, so he quickly said soothingly, "Just wait another ten days or half a month, perhaps Xu Ran will open his Foster Shop by then, right?"

"Wait a minute," Du Zhou stood still, pulling on Zhang Peng, "You just said that Xu Ran’s Foster Shop isn’t open yet, but the name is already decided."

"What’s the name again?"

"Starfire Foster Care Shop, ’Star’ as in star, and ’Fire’ as in flame."

"Then look over there," Du Zhou lifted a hand and pointed not far away.

There, a grand and towering building stood at the most prominent position in the center of Bright Avenue, one of the landmarks on Bright Avenue.