Chapter 583 - 307: Starfire Foster Care Shop In Bright Radiance City, Grand Opening!_4

That was Dawn Building No. 1.

Both were familiar with Dawn Building No. 1.

After all, they could see it every time they went shopping and were already accustomed to it.

In their memory, the door of Dawn Building No. 1 always bore a "For Sale" sign, but for some reason, no one ever took over this well-situated building.

Now, when both of their gazes turned to it, they quickly noticed the changes at Dawn Building No. 1.

The "For Sale" sign was gone, replaced by an extremely eye-catching plaque. The five characters on the plaque were written with the fluidity of a dragon and the vigor of a snake.

Starfire Foster Care Shop.

"Holy crap..." Zhang Peng couldn’t help but open his mouth wide, his face a picture of shock.

Just yesterday, Xu Ran had been happily welcoming every Washing and Protection customer to his Starfire Foster Care Shop for future services, and today the shop was already open?

And... it was in the perpetually unclaimed Dawn Building No. 1?

Seeing Du Zhou walking quickly towards the Starfire Foster Care Shop without saying a word, Zhang Peng snapped back to reality.

Now was not the time to be dazed.

"Du Zhou, wait for me!" he yelled, quickly catching up, "I want to have my Pet Beast washed and protected too!"

The Washing and Protection Service exhibition offered free services for Large Pet Beasts, but Zhang Peng had a Pet Beast that had reached the Super Large Size category, which had not been washed and protected by Xu Ran yesterday.

Last night, Zhang Peng had comforted his Pet Beast for a while, swearing that as soon as Xu Ran’s shop opened, he would bring it in for a cleaning and caring service first thing, only then did the Pet Beast, which felt neglected due to its large size, feel psychologically balanced again.

Little did he know that the day to fulfill his promise would come so soon.

Looking at the grand Dawn Building No. 1, Zhang Peng’s eyes filled with expectation.

If the rooms provided by the organizers could wash and protect to such a degree, wouldn’t doing it within the Dawn Building No. 1 take it a step further?

Charge!

-----------------

"Right... right... just there, don’t move, don’t move!"

Xu Ran, with his hands raised above his head, stood on the head of Cancan, who had grown in size, carefully hanging the object in his hands in the most prominent spot within the shop.

"All done."

"Sigh~" (It’s finally done.)

Cancan slowly let its head sag down, waiting for Xu Ran to jump off its head before shaking itself, reverting from the previously several meters tall stature to its pocket-sized form.

Xu Ran turned around, admiring the masterpiece he had just hung up.

It was a streamer with the gold-pressed words "Cleaning Saint" and a line under it that read: Signed by the Beast Master Association of Bright Radiance City.

This streamer had been given to Xu Ran early that morning by the Beast Master Association when he went to collect his unclaimed reward from the previous day.

According to the Association, this streamer was one of a kind, temporarily loaned to him for three years; after three years, it had to be returned unless he became the Cleaning Saint again next time.

Pff, how stingy!

After admiring it for a while, Xu Ran nodded contentedly, "This spot is just right."

"Hello, is anyone here?"

The voice from outside brought Xu Ran swiftly back to his senses, "Yes, there is someone!"

He quickly switched on his warm smile and hurriedly went to greet the visitors.

It truly lived up to the unbeatable location of Dawn Building No. 1. It was only the first day of business, and less than ten minutes after opening, there were already customers at the door.

This was unimaginable in the past.

Soon, Xu Ran saw the two who entered the shop.

"Sir, have we met last night?" He recognized Zhang Peng at first glance from the cleaning service the night before and asked curiously.

"Haha, you cleaned and cared for my Pet Beast last night," Zhang Peng laughed, "I have another one that hasn’t been taken care of yet. Just happened to be passing by and saw your shop."

"Looks like I have to call you Boss Xu now." Zhang Peng looked around, "Boss Xu, you sure opened your shop quickly."

"Strike while the iron is hot," Xu Ran said with a smile, pointing to a wall nearby. "This is the price list."

"Oh, right," Zhang Peng finally found the price list and curiously started reading it.

Yesterday, Xu Ran’s cleaning and caring was free.

But today, it definitely wouldn’t be free.

Zhang Peng already had a lot of confidence in Xu Ran’s washing and protection skills.

The only issue was Xu Ran’s pricing.

He just hoped that Xu Ran wouldn’t set the prices too high just because he had just won the title of Cleaning Saint...

Hmm? 266666 for a single washing and protection service for a super large pet beast?

Seeing this price, Zhang Peng couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows.

The price was double that of the highest price in Bright Radiance City, but thinking of the effects of Xu Ran’s cleaning and caring yesterday, he was still quite tempted.

If the effects were as good as yesterday’s, then doubling the price might just be worth it.

On the other hand, Du Zhou, who hadn’t experienced Xu Ran’s cleaning and caring service, was a bit troubled.

"This price is a bit expensive, isn’t it?"

Indeed, there would be people who questioned the pricing of the shop’s services.

Xu Ran had already anticipated this and cleared his throat, ready to speak, but Zhang Peng beat him to it.

"Expensive? Then I’ll go first," Zhang Peng chuckled, drawing his good brother closer. "After I’m done, you’ll see the results and won’t find it expensive anymore."

Well... A perfectly reasonable excuse to jump the queue, no problem there.

"Okay," Du Zhou agreed without any hesitation.

With Zhang Peng going first to try it out, he would be able to clearly see if the money was well spent.@@novelbin@@

If it seemed not worth it, he would rather go to another cleaning and caring shop.

"Then Boss Xu, let’s go," Zhang Peng urged, unable to hide his impatience.

"Please, this way," Xu Ran said with a smile, gesturing towards the cleaning and protection room. "The pet beast you want cleaned and cared for is a super large size, right? You can summon it inside."

"Sure," Zhang Peng followed closely behind Xu Ran, heading to the cleaning and protection room.

As the door to the cleaning and protection room opened, the vast space and all the brand-new washing equipment made Zhang Peng couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration, "This environment is really great!"

He was also present for yesterday’s cleaning and caring session.

Even as a layman, he could clearly feel the difference between the cleaning room provided by the Beast Master Association and Xu Ran’s own cleaning and protection room.

"By the way, you are the first customer of this cleaning and protection room," Xu Ran said with a smile. "You can summon your pet beast now."

"That’s quite an honor for me," Zhang Peng chuckled, and as he spoke, a hexagram star array flickered behind him, and amidst the ensuing energy storm, a giant serpent nearly thirty meters long appeared.

Its body was covered in bluish-purple scales, with pupils that had a distinct double kink in the middle, making them look like thunderbolts, which took away some of the cold temperament usually associated with snake pet beasts and added a bit of dominance and grandeur instead.

With its appearance, the aura of a General level king species reverberated throughout the room.

General level, King species, Green-eyed Thunder Snake.

"Hiss—"

As soon as it appeared, the Green-eyed Thunder Snake lowered its head from a raised position to look at Xu Ran.

Yesterday, through sharing senses with its beast master, it watched as its three other companions were refurbished under the hands of this man.

It, however, couldn’t receive the same treatment due to its size.

This left the Green-eyed Thunder Snake particularly dissatisfied.

Fortunately, it didn’t have to wait too long.

Today, it could finally receive the same cleaning and protection service!

At this thought, a sense of excitement emerged in the thunderbolt-like pupils of the Green-eyed Thunder Snake.

Human, come clean me!