Chapter 581 - 307: Starfire Foster Care Shop In Bright Radiance City, Grand Opening!_2

And... in the perpetually unoccupied Dawn Building No.1?

Watching Du Zhou, who said nothing and strode quickly towards Starfire Foster Care Shop, Zhang Peng suddenly snapped back to reality.

Now was not the time for daydreaming.

"Du Zhou, wait for me!" he shouted, hurrying to catch up, "I also want to take my Pet Beast for cleaning and caring!"

During the Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring exhibition, they offered free services for Large Pet Beasts, but Zhang Peng had another Pet Beast that had grown to Super Large Size, and it hadn’t received Xu Ran’s care yesterday.

Last night, Zhang Peng had to console that Pet Beast for a while, promising that as soon as Xu Ran’s shop opened, he would take it for cleaning and caring first thing, which finally balanced out the feelings of the Pet Beast that was too large to be cared for yesterday.

Unexpectedly, today was the day to fulfill that promise.

Looking at the majestic Dawn Building No.1, expectation filled Zhang Peng’s eyes.

If the cleaning rooms provided by the organizers could provide such cleaning, wouldn’t cleaning inside Dawn Building No.1 take it a step further?

Charge!

-----------------

"Right... right... just that spot, don’t move, stay like that!"

Xu Ran held his hands high above his head, standing on the now larger Cancan’s head, carefully hanging the object in his hands in the most conspicuous place inside the shop.

"There we go."

"Phew~" (Finally done.)

Cancan slowly lowered his head and waited until Xu Ran jumped off his head before shifting back from his enormous state a moment ago to pocket size.

Xu Ran turned around, admiring the masterpiece he had just hung up.

It was a banner with the words "Cleaning Saint" embossed in golden letters, with a signature from the Beast Master Association of Bright Radiance City below.

This banner was a gift from the Beast Master Association, presented to Xu Ran first thing in the morning when he went to collect yesterday’s unclaimed rewards.

According to the Association, this banner was unique, and he was only borrowing it for three years. He had to return it after three years unless he was still recognized as the Cleaning Saint next time.

Heh, such stinginess!

After admiring it for a while, Xu Ran nodded with satisfaction, "This spot is just perfect."

"Hello, is anybody here?"

The voice from outside the door quickly brought Xu Ran back to his senses, "Yes, someone’s here!"

His expression quickly shifted to a warm smile, and he hurried to welcome the customer.

It’s no wonder the location of Dawn Building No.1 is incomparably superior; it was the first day of business and, less than ten minutes after opening, there was already a client at the door.

This was unimaginable in the past.

Soon, Xu Ran saw the two people entering the shop.

"Sir, have we met last night?" He immediately recognized Zhang Peng, the man whose Pet Beast he had tended to yesterday, and asked curiously.

"Ha ha, yesterday you took care of my Pet Beast," Zhang Peng laughed, "I have another one that hasn’t been cleaned, and I happened to pass by and saw your shop."

"I guess I should call you Boss Xu now," Zhang Peng looked around, "Boss Xu, you set up your shop really quickly."

"Strike while the iron is hot," Xu Ran smiled and pointed to a wall nearby, "Over there is the price list."

"Oh, right." Only then Zhang Peng spotted the price list and curiously started to read it.

Yesterday, Xu Ran’s services were free.

But today, they surely wouldn’t be free anymore.

Zhang Peng had a lot of confidence in Xu Ran’s cleaning skill.

The only concern was Xu Ran’s fees.

He just hoped that Xu Ran wouldn’t set the prices too high just because he had just won the title of Cleaning Saint...

Hmm? Cleaning and caring for a Super Large Pet Beast costs 266,666 each time?

Seeing this price, Zhang Peng couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows.

This price was double the current highest price in Bright Radiance City, but remembering the effect of Xu Ran’s cleaning from the day before, he was still quite tempted.@@novelbin@@

If it could have the same effect as yesterday, even doubling the price would be acceptable.

On the other hand, Du Zhou, who had never experienced Xu Ran’s cleaning, started to feel hesitant.

"This price, isn’t it a bit expensive?"

As expected, there would always be someone to question the fees for the services in the store.

Xu Ran had anticipated this, cleared his throat intending to speak, but Zhang Peng beat him to it.

"Expensive? Then I’ll go first," Zhang Peng chuckled and patted his good buddy’s back, "After my beast is cleaned, you look at the effect. You won’t think it’s expensive anymore."

Hmm... Cutting in line for a justifiable reason, no problem at all.

"Okay," Du Zhou agreed without hesitation.

With Zhang Peng going first, he could clearly see whether the money was well spent or not.

If it wasn’t worth it, he would rather go to another cleaning shop.

"Then let’s go, Boss Xu," urged Zhang Peng, not holding back.

"Please, this way," Xu Ran said with a smile, leading the way to the washing room, "You’re cleaning a Super Large Pet Beast, right? Just summon it inside the washing room."

"Alright," following Xu Ran closely, Zhang Peng made his way into the washing room.

As the door to the washing room opened up, the vast space and the brand-new assortment of cleaning equipment made Zhang Peng couldn’t help but exclaim, "This environment is amazing!"

He had been present during the cleaning the day before.

The gap between the washing room provided by the Beast Master Association and Xu Ran’s own washing room could be clearly felt, even by someone with no expertise like him.

"Speaking of which, you’re the first customer of this washing room," Xu Ran said with a smile, "You can summon your Pet Beast now."

"That is indeed an honor," Zhang Peng chuckled, and as he spoke, a Hexagram Star Array flickered behind him, and amid the energy storm it raised, a snake almost thirty meters long appeared.

It had greenish-purple scales all over its body; the pupils were erect with a clear zigzag in the middle, resembling lightning, giving it a less coldly serpentine air and more a sense of dominance and majesty.