Chapter 584 - 308: A Building With Inherent Lucky Fish Attribute?!

The Koi Property is a concept both profound and enigmatic.

It may only affect a certain individual or type of people, or it could bring good luck to everyone.

However, people with this attribute don’t have the words "I am a Koi" written on their foreheads, making it tough to judge its true existence directly.

To determine whether someone was his Koi, Xu Ran had a simple and crude method, which was to see if he could continuously acquire the highest level Skills available from Plucking Fur.

This method had proven successful time and again in the past.

Back in Qingzhou City, Xu Ran’s Plucking Fur had just upgraded from D-level to C-level, and the highest skill he could obtain had evolved from one star to two stars. At that time, Liu Gu, who obtained two star skills in succession, became his first Koi.

By the time he arrived in Xieyun City, Xu Ran’s Plucking Fur had been upgraded to B-level, capable of obtaining three star Skills. It was in the same manner that he discovered the Koi Property of the Qin families brother and sister.

Regrettably, he did not encounter such people later in Monster Wooden City.

Now, having arrived in Bright Radiance City, things seemed to have changed.

The Koi girl Chou Yue he met the day before was only an Elite Level Beast Master.

She did not own a King Species Pet Beast, and it was impossible to obtain a Three Star Skill from her Pet Beast through Plucking Fur, so her Koi Property manifested in another way.

Acquiring two Two Stars Skills at once.

Today, Xu Ran met a Beast Master who, in succession, managed to Pluck four Three Star Skills, but he was not a Koi, with a ten streak and no purples.

Plus, the Green-eyed Thunder Snake that he just took care of had also gained a Three Star Skill...

Xu Ran stood still, slightly tilting his head up to gaze at the ceiling.

So, could there be a possibility...

The ones with the Koi Property weren’t the two clients before him, but this building itself?

"Boss Xu, we’ve paid in full and are leaving!" Hearing Zhang Peng’s voice, Xu Ran snapped back to reality.

Seeing Du Zhou and Zhang Peng standing at the door, with their Pet Beasts looking as good as new, eager to stroll on the streets, Xu Ran nodded, "Take care."

After the two had left, Xu Ran returned to the counter, tapping it lightly with his fingers, his face revealing a look of anticipation.

He wanted to see how the next client would perform.

His wait did not last long.

Perhaps because Du Zhou and Zhang Peng’s Pet Beasts were too eye-catching, it wasn’t long before someone arrived, motivated by curiosity. "Boss, was that very large Thunder Attribute snake Pet Beast groomed by you?"@@novelbin@@

"It was me." Xu Ran stood up and looked at the newcomer.

She was a short-haired female Beast Master, her delicate features carried a hint of sharpness. Behind her was a slender, cherry blossom-colored snake Pet Beast.

Compared to the Green-eyed Thunder Snake that was nearly thirty meters long, the creature in front of him was much smaller, its length was no more than ten meters, and its body was considerably leaner.

Taking her question when she entered as a clue, Xu Ran could guess her intention.

"Do you want to have your Pet Beast cleaned and cared for?"

"Mhm mhm." The short-haired woman nodded, "How much does it cost?"

"Price Menu is over there."

"Let me see..." Following Xu Ran’s direction, the woman quickly saw the Price Menu hanging on the opposite wall, "Large Pet Beasts 66,666 Yuan for one session?"

She frowned slightly, clearly finding it a bit expensive, but the astounding sight of the Green-eyed Thunder Snake made her tempted to try.

"Hiss~"

The snake Pet Beast behind her hissed, seemingly reminding its Beast Master of something.

The woman quickly looked up, following her Pet Beast’s gaze, and soon noticed the banner hanging high on the wall.

"Cleaning Saint?" Surprise was clear in the short-haired woman’s eyes.

If it was the work of the Cleaning Saint, the price seemed more acceptable.

Taking a deep breath, she made her decision.

"Please groom my little Sakura."

"No problem." Xu Ran nodded with a smile while he activated the System Identification.

This cherry blossom-colored snake was something he had not seen before.

It was time to check the species.

[Race Name: Yingluo Flower Snake

Attribute: Super ability

Growth Stage: Leadership Stage

Body Type: Large Size

Washing and Protection Requirement: ★★☆☆☆

Evaluation: Contrary to its cold and fierce stereotype, this is a snake Pet Beast known for its agility, cuteness, and high attractiveness. The Host is expected to use his skillful hands to reveal its unknown side!]

Reveal... what the hell.

Xu Ran’s lips twitched slightly, then he looked at the short-haired woman’s Pet Beast.

Yingluo Flower Snake...

Just as described by the System Identification, this snake Pet Beast was entirely different from the Green-eyed Thunder Snake they had earlier. Its slender body gave it a distinctive elegance, and the cherry blossom-colored scales elevated its appearance to a new level.

Through perception, Xu Ran could feel that, although the Yingluo Flower Snake was only at the Leader Stage, it was also a King Species.

It was perfect for testing his recent speculation.

"Please follow me." Xu Ran made a "please" gesture and led the way into the grooming room.

"Let’s go, little Sakura," the short-haired woman spoke softly, a hint of expectation in her eyes, and followed with the Yingluo Flower Snake close behind her.

Once the door to the grooming room closed again, the three small pets exchanged looks and couldn’t help but start whispering to one another.

"Chirp~" (Just like Twelve, it’s of the Super ability too~)

Cancan propped its head with one paw, speaking with interest.