Chapter 590 - 309: Du Qians Visit, A Rare Washing And Protection Subject!_3

```

Shortly after, a clear and fervent neighing echoed throughout the store.

Having had a good rest and refreshed, Star quickly used the destiny chain to connect with Xu Ran, transferring his own power to him to alleviate his fatigue.

"You’ve worked hard," Xu Ran said with a smile as he patted its head, "Today business is booming, so we might need your help a few more times."

"Xi Lu~" (No problem!)

Star neighed, shaking its head and taking its place next to the counter.

Aroused by the summoning noise, Ziyun and Cancan quickly appeared in the store as well, curiously watching Xu Ran attend to the next customer.

Looking at the long line outside the store, the three little creatures couldn’t help whispering to each other.

"Meow?" (Why is the business so good today?)

"Cha~" (Don’t know!)

"Xi Lu~" (Anyway, good business is a good thing.)

"Meow!" (That’s right, this way we can summon more staff sooner to share Xu Ran’s workload!)

As the three little ones chatted, Xu Ran efficiently finished washing and caring for the customer and after seeing them out, signaled for the next one to come in.

Soon after, a young figure entered the store.

He was a handsome man, looking to be just over twenty, with a habitual smile on his face that gave off a spring breeze feeling.

Most striking, however, were his hands.

The man’s hands were white and smooth, his palm lines very faint, and his fingers well-defined and slender, drawing the eye.

"Hello, what kind of Pet Beast do you need grooming for?" Xu Ran couldn’t help but take a few extra glances at the man before casually asking.

"My name is Du Qian," the man said with a smile, suddenly introducing himself.

"Hm?" Xu Ran blinked in slight surprise and then took a closer look at him.

Of course, he hadn’t forgotten that at the Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring Exhibition, a caretaker named Du Qian from Hundred Flowers Foster Store had taken the initiative to redirect customers to him, helping him overcome the embarrassing situation of having no clients at first.

"Ms. Du Huayan is your..."

"She’s my elder sister," Du Qian said with a smile, pride coloring his face.

Clearly, he held deep admiration for his sister whose cleaning skills were superior to his own.

"I thought as much," Xu Ran said, revealing an enlightened smile and warmly shaking Du Qian’s hand, "I really appreciate your help at the exhibition."

"It was nothing," Du Qian shook his head slightly, "My sister mentioned your grooming technique in a letter, she believes yours is the most miraculous she has ever seen."

"Even though I have never witnessed it myself, I trust her judgment. A caretaker like you shouldn’t be obscured by a remote location."

"Moreover, I believe that even without my little help, the title of ’Cleaning Saint’ would still have been yours."

During the conversation, Du Qian looked up at the banner on the wall, his eyes filled with longing, "The banner is nice, I will put up an even better performance in three years and take it."

"Hahaha, good," Xu Ran laughed heartily. After a brief exchange, he felt a strong connection with the young caretaker in front of him, "I reckon your visit today isn’t just for a casual chat, right?"

"Indeed, I’ve specifically set aside an hour for a grooming appointment, and it’s not to chat," Du Qian nodded in agreement, "If possible, I would like to observe you as you cater to other clients."@@novelbin@@

"Don’t worry, I will keep quiet and won’t disrupt your business."

"Of course, that’s no problem at all," Xu Ran nodded without hesitation, "We can even have some technical exchanges if the clients agree."

"That would be really great," a spark of excitement shone in Du Qian’s eyes.

Every caretaker’s technique has its critical points.

Just by observing with the naked eye, and despite already having a pretty good technique, it was difficult for Du Qian to completely grasp those key aspects.

But with an exchange, it would be different.

"Shall I call the next client then?"

"Please."

Du Qian gestured for Xu Ran to proceed and retreated to a corner of the store, smiling friendlily at the three little ones who were curiously peeking over, then turned to look outside the store.

Soon, Xu Ran led a burly man into the store.

"Sir, what Pet Beast do you need groomed?" Xu Ran asked politely with a smile.

"It’s this one." Behind the burly man, the Hexagram Star Array flickered, and promptly, a bird Pet Beast with two heads and its body ablaze with crimson flames screeched sharply as it flew out of the swirling winds.

With its appearance, the temperature in the store began to rise rapidly.

[Race Name: Double-Headed Flame Crow

Attribute: Fire

Growth Stage: General

Body Type: Medium

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★★★☆

Evaluation: This special individual with two heads has different consciousnesses, grooming it might yield double the Pleasure Value!]

Taking a look at the system’s rare serious evaluation, Xu Ran’s smile suddenly grew more intense.

If you’re saying that, then I’m going to get excited.

Among the Transcendent Beings, those with multiple consciousnesses are relatively rare. Xu Ran had heard of a few but had never groomed any before.

Such an experience would be a first for him.

Behind Xu Ran, Du Qian, who had remained silent, also looked surprised.

He recognized the Double-Headed Flame Crow at the same time.

However, unlike Xu Ran, he was not completely unfamiliar with this Double-Headed Flame Crow.

Because, as it happens, it had once been groomed at his establishment.

```