Chapter 597 - 311: Thunder Peak, Night Of Terror_2

The distance was quite far, and the view was not clear. But now, as a person with three Pet Beasts arrived at the foot of the mountain, he saw more details.

On the fierce-looking rocks, from time to time, a streak of Thunder Light would explode.

And with each flash of Thunder Light, one or two slender and skinny figures appeared faintly.

Those were Thunder Sound Bats.

Having looked at those figures with his strong eyesight, Xu Ran’s heart steadied slightly.

Although Thunder Sound Bats were not Dark Attribute Pet Beasts, they too preferred to be active at night.

At this moment, it was their most active time.

The surging Thunder Light throughout the mountain was also due to the fast sweeping flight of the Thunder Sound Bats.

Clearly, they as Thunder Attribute Pet Beasts relished the sensation of their movements stirring up Thunder Light and would even willingly flock to the midst of the Thunder Light as if to bathe in it.

Even Ziyun, upon seeing the Thunder Sound Bats’ actions, could hardly resist the urge to try it out.

It looked quite fun.

"Don’t forget the task at hand," Xu Ran tapped Ziyun’s head with neither light nor heavy touch and spoke in a lowered voice, "Thunder Sound Bats have a Two stars Skill called Electric Sound Echo."

"It’s a detection type Skill, and even Star’s Moon Concealment Star Racing may not be entirely undetectable by them."

"Therefore, we need to make our noises as minimal as possible," Xu Ran looked around and then pointed in another direction, "Let’s go over there and pass by this group of creatures."

"Xi Lu~" (Let’s go.)

Star walked at the front, maximally expanding the concealment power of Moon Concealment Star Racing, enveloping itself, Xu Ran, and the other two small ones behind.

The person and three Pet Beasts tiptoed around the area where the Thunder Sound Bats were frolicking and playing, soon reaching another part of the mountain that was quieter and more secluded.

There, clear cave entrances were seen, about a meter in size, pitch-black inside, with no way to tell how deep they were.

Every now and then, Xu Ran could see one or two Thunder Sound Bats flying out of the caves; others from different places entered them.

Without doubt, the other end of these entrances must be where the nests of the Thunder Sound Bats were located.@@novelbin@@

"Cha~" (Shall we go take a look?)

Cancan seemed eager to try.

"Wait a bit longer," Xu Ran shook his head slightly, "The situation is unclear for the time being, don’t go in yet, to avoid any accidents."

"Cha?" (Then shall I use Echoing of Earth Vein to probe?) The starting point of Star’s next sprint was not too far from Thunder Peak.

With its speed, it would take only a dozen breaths to reach the foot of Thunder Peak.

Signaling for Star to continue maintaining the concealment ability of Moon Concealment Star Racing, Xu Ran dismounted, stood in place, and looked up slightly toward the mountain waist.

The distance was quite far, and the view was not clear. But now, as a person with three Pet Beasts arrived at the foot of the mountain, he saw more details.

On the fierce-looking rocks, from time to time, a streak of Thunder Light would explode.

And with each flash of Thunder Light, one or two slender and skinny figures appeared faintly.