Chapter 598 - 311: Thunder Peak, Night Of Terror_3

Those were Thunder Sound Bats.

With his keen eyesight, Xu Ran could make out those figures and felt slightly more certain in his heart.

Although Thunder Sound Bats were not Dark Attribute Pet Beasts, they too preferred nocturnal activities.@@novelbin@@

At this moment, they were most active.

The electric sparks that rocked the entire mountain were also a result of the Thunder Sound Bats’ swift flight.

It was apparent that as Thunder Attribute Pet Beasts, they enjoyed the sensation of stirring up sparks with their movements, even actively approaching the light sparks as if to bathe in them.

Even Ziyun couldn’t help feeling tempted to try when she saw the Thunder Sound Bats’ antics.

It looked quite fun.

"Don’t forget our main task," Xu Ran tapped Ziyun’s head with moderate force and lowered his voice, "The Thunder Sound Bats possess a Two stars skill called ’Electric Sound Echo’."

"It’s a detection type of skill, and even Star’s ’Moon Concealment Star Racing’ may not be completely undetectable to them."

"Therefore, we need to keep our noise as low as possible," Xu Ran looked around, then pointed in another direction, "Let’s go that way, avoiding this group."

"Xi Lu~" (Let’s go.)

Star walked at the forefront, stretching the power of ’Moon Concealment Star Racing’ to its maximum extent to envelop itself, Xu Ran, and the other two little ones behind it.

The man and his three Pet Beasts tiptoed around the area where the Thunder Sound Bats were frolicking and quarreling, soon reaching another secluded and deeper part of the mountainside.

There, there were several clear cave entrances, roughly one meter in size, with interiors so dark that it was impossible to judge their depth.

Every now and then, Xu Ran could see one or two Thunder Sound Bats flying out of a cave entrance, as well as others from different places entering the caves.

Without a doubt, the other end of these entrances must be where the nests of the Thunder Sound Bats were located.

"Cancan~" (Shall we take a look?)

Cancan seemed eager to try.

"Wait a bit longer," Xu Ran shook his head slightly, "The situation isn’t clear for now, don’t go in yet to avoid any accidents."

"Cancan?" (Shall I use ’Echoing of Earth Vein’ to probe a bit?) Star’s position for beginning its journey once more wasn’t too far from Thunder Peak.

With its speed, it took just a dozen breaths to reach the foot of Thunder Peak.

Signaling Star to continue maintaining the concealment power of ’Moon Concealment Star Racing’, Xu Ran dismounted, stood in place, and slightly looked up towards the mountainside.

The distance was relatively far, too far to see clearly, but now that he had arrived at the foot of the mountain with his three Pet Beasts, he could see many more details.

On the ferocious mountain rocks, an electric light would occasionally explode.

And with each burst of light, one or two long and slender figures appeared faintly.

Those were Thunder Sound Bats.

With his strong eyesight, Xu Ran saw those figures and his heart felt slightly more certain.

Although Thunder Sound Bats were not Dark Attribute Pet Beasts, they still liked nocturnal activities.

At this moment, they were at their most lively.