Chapter 596 - 311: Thunder Peak, Night Of Terror

Star had once again lifted its hooves to journey on, and Thunder Peak wasn’t too far away.

At its speed, it took only a dozen or so breaths to reach the foot of Thunder Peak.

Signaling to Star to maintain Moon Concealment Star Racing’s stealth capability, Xu Ran dismounted and stood in place, slightly tilting his head to look towards the middle of the mountain.

With some distance in between, the view hadn’t been clear, but now, along with one person and three Pet Beasts arriving at the foot of the mountain, he could make out more details.

Fierce mountain rocks occasionally exploded with a burst of electric light.

Beneath every flash of light, one or two slender and thin silhouettes could faintly be seen.

Those were Thunder Sound Bats.

With his sharp eyesight, Xu Ran was able to clearly discern those figures, and his heart steadied slightly.

Although Thunder Sound Bats weren’t Dark Attribute Pet Beasts, they too preferred to be active at night.

At this moment, it was their most active time.

The surging electricity across the mountain was the result of the Thunder Sound Bats’ rapid skimming.

It was evident that, being Thunder Attribute Pet Beasts, they enjoyed the sensation of stimulating light with their movements, and would even actively gather in the electric light as if to bathe in it.

Even Ziyun, upon seeing the movements of the Thunder Sound Bats, couldn’t help feeling tempted to try.

It looked rather fun.

"Don’t forget our main task," Xu Ran tapped Ziyun’s head lightly and whispered, "Thunder Sound Bats have a Two stars Skill called Electric Sound Echo."

"It’s a detection class Skill, and even Star’s Moon Concealment Star Racing might not be completely undetectable to them."

"So, we need to keep ourselves as quiet as possible," Xu Ran looked around before pointing in another direction, "Let’s go there and see, circling around these guys."

"Xi Lu~" (Let’s go.)

Star walked at the forefront, stretching out the stealth power of Moon Concealment Star Racing to its full extent, cloaking itself, Xu Ran, and the two smaller companions behind it.

One person and three Pet Beasts tiptoed around the area where the Thunder Sound Bats played and frolicked, quickly arriving at an even more remote and quiet part of the mountainside.

There, they found several clear cave entrances, about one meter in size, pitch-black inside, with no way to tell just how deep they were.

Now and then, Xu Ran could spot one or two Thunder Sound Bats flying out from the cave entrances, and others from different areas entering them.

Without a doubt, the other end of these openings must be where the Thunder Sound Bats nested.

"Cancan~" (Should we go take a look?)

Cancan seemed eager to try.

"Wait a little longer," Xu Ran shook his head slightly, "The situation is unclear for the moment; don’t go in to avoid any accidents."@@novelbin@@

"Cancan?" (Then shall I try Echoing of Earth Vein to probe?)