Chapter 595 - 310 First Exploration_4

"If another of the same species is willing to cooperate, it can minimize its own influence, and the second consciousness of the evolved Double-headed Flame Crow is born from the first consciousness. Although they are independent, their likes and personalities are similar, which naturally leads to perfect harmony,"

"But if another of the same species is unwilling to cooperate..." Xu Ran paused, "Its emotions and obsessions would leave a greater imprint within the Spirit that was taken, thereby influencing the newly born second consciousness."

"You forced another Red Fire Crow to cooperate with your Red Fire Crow’s evolution, and the other’s emotions were naturally resistant. That bit of emotion at that moment merged into the Spirit that your Red Fire Crow devoured, forging a new consciousness."

Xu Ran glanced at the Red Fire Crow, "So, the second consciousness tends to subconsciously resist the first consciousness’s preferences and actions."

"Commonly known as, being contrary."

"If that’s the case, then the Double-headed Flame Crow’s personality should be unchangeable, right?" Du Qian, who couldn’t help but be curious, spoke up, "Why can it change just with Washing and Protection?"

Looking at the Double-headed Flame Crow now, its two heads seemed to be getting along exceptionally well, showing none of the previous animosity, as if in an instant they had gone from mortal enemies to best buddies.

"Well about that..." Xu Ran suddenly cracked a smile, "Those who are skilled at Washing and Protection being good at ’brainwashing’ makes sense too, doesn’t it?"

Du Qian: "???"

Zhou Zhu: "???"

"Just kidding." Xu Ran chuckled, "While the second consciousness of the Double-headed Flame Crow instinctively opposes the first consciousness, it doesn’t have any memories of the Red Fire Crow that was forced."

"Essentially, for the Double-headed Flame Crow, it’s just a second self with a rebellious streak."

"To erase the underlying subconscious resistance, you first need to increase its sense of identification with the first consciousness."

"The one that disliked Washing and Protection grew to enjoy it under my care, just like the first consciousness did. This is secretly dissolving its inner defenses."

"Following that, it’s about using Washing and Protection to restructure the powers within the Double-headed Flame Crow." The Beast Master of the Double-headed Flame Crow was named Zhou Zhu.

He was well aware of his Pet Beast’s condition.

As a Transcendent Being with two independent consciousnesses, the evolution of the Double-headed Flame Crow was different from that of other Transcendent Beings.

Its initial species was the Red Fire Crow. To evolve from a Red Fire Crow into a Double-headed Flame Crow, it needed the assistance of another Red Fire Crow.

After the evolution was complete, the assisting Red Fire Crow would permanently lose a portion of its Power, as part of its Spirit would transform into the second consciousness of the Double-headed Flame Crow.

Moreover, the assisting Red Fire Crow would lose the possibility of evolving into a Double-headed Flame Crow itself.

No creature is willing to make a wedding dress for another, and Zhou Zhu, in his wish to ensure the successful evolution of his Red Fire Crow, reluctantly caught a wild Red Fire Crow and forced it to cooperate in the evolution.

The evolution was successful, yet it failed too.

His Red Fire Crow became a King Species Double-headed Flame Crow, but the newly born consciousness was too independent and seemed to have solidified the grievances of the wild Red Fire Crow, instinctively enjoying clashing with the original consciousness.

Their Power also became chaotic and rigid due to the discord between the two consciousnesses, manifesting as flames around the Double-headed Flame Crow that were dark and mottled with many impurities.

Originally, after repeated failed attempts and fruitless visits seeking help from the powerful, Zhou Zhu had given up on improving the condition of the Double-headed Flame Crow.

But at this moment, as the flames surging around the Double-headed Flame Crow gradually became pure and bright, with impurities swiftly diminishing, hope reignited in Zhou Zhu’s eyes.

The composed man couldn’t contain his emotions as he rushed to the Washing and Protection station, leaned heavily on the counter, and stared at the Double-headed Flame Crow up close. He then spoke, his voice tinged with hesitation.

"Boss Xu, can you... solve the problem with my Pet Beast?"

"Let’s give it a try," Xu Ran replied with a mysterious smile, his kneading motions on the beast continuous and unending.

His strong hands left indentations on the Double-headed Flame Crow’s body, gliding through its muscles and bones amidst the bath oil, each press thoroughly stirring up the fire power within the beast.

Once, twice, thrice…

The Double-headed Flame Crow’s cries became clearer and sharper, its flames around it growing more intense and fierce.

Eventually, Xu Ran released his grip and stepped back several paces.

As flames surged towards the sky, the Double-headed Flame Crow fluttered its wings and hovered in the air.

Its aura had changed noticeably from before, the flames around its body pure and bright. The discordance between its two heads was also gone.

"This…" Du Qian, who had been watching the entire process, was struck dumb, completely bewildered.

In his mind, Washing and Protection should only be a service to maintain the Pet Beast’s condition.

How did it turn out that Xu Ran could easily resolve even the Double-headed Flame Crow’s consciousness conflict issue?

Before he could voice his question, Zhou Zhu on the other side couldn’t help but speak up.

"Boss Xu, how exactly did you manage to do that?" His eyes were filled with excitement, "In the years following the evolution of the Double-headed Flame Crow, I’ve visited many evolution researchers and powerful Beast Masters."

"They all said there was nothing they could do about the Double-headed Flame Crow’s problem," he added.

"But you’ve solved the issue so simply."

"Well…" Xu Ran smiled, "because this problem was actually quite easy to solve."

"If I’m not mistaken, when evolving the Double-headed Flame Crow, you must have forced another Red Fire Crow to cooperate, right?"

"Yes… that’s right," Zhou Zhu’s expression became somewhat awkward, but he nodded, "I couldn’t find any willing Red Fire Crows, so I resorted to this last measure."

"To evolve into a Double-headed Flame Crow, a Red Fire Crow needs to absorb part of the spirit of another of its kind. The closer the strength of the other is to the Red Fire Crow itself, the easier the evolution," Xu Ran spoke calmly, "but there’s a catch."

"That spirit contains the emotions and obsessions of the original Red Fire Crow."

"If the other of its kind is willing to cooperate, it can minimize its influence, making the second consciousness born from the evolution nearly identical to the first in preference and personality, naturally creating perfect harmony."@@novelbin@@

"However, if the other does not wish to cooperate…" Xu Ran paused briefly, "its emotions and obsessions will linger more in the spirit taken, influencing the newly formed second consciousness."

"You forced another Red Fire Crow to help your Red Fire Crow evolve, the opposition’s emotions were naturally resistant. That trace of emotion at that time merged into the spirit consumed by your Red Fire Crow, creating a new consciousness."

Xu Ran glanced at the Red Fire Crow, "Thus, the second consciousness will always subconsciously oppose the preferences and actions of the first."

"Commonly known as, being contradictory."

"If that’s the case, then the Double-headed Flame Crow’s personality should be unchangeable, right?" Du Qian couldn’t contain his curiosity, "Why can Washing and Protection change it?"

Looking at the Double-headed Flame Crow now, its two heads seemed unusually harmonious together, none of the previous hostility apparent, as if they had instantly gone from mortal enemies to best buddies.