Chapter 592 - 310 First Exploration

The Beast Master of the Double-headed Flame Crow was named Zhou Zhu.

He knew his Pet Beast’s condition like the back of his hand.

As a Transcendent Being with two independent consciousnesses, the evolution of the Double-headed Flame Crow was somewhat different from the evolution of other Transcendent Beings.

Its initial species was the Red Fire Crow, and to evolve from a Red Fire Crow into a Double-headed Flame Crow required the assistance of another Red Fire Crow.

After the evolution, the assisting Red Fire Crow would permanently lose a portion of its Power because a part of its spirit would become the other consciousness of the Double-headed Flame Crow during the evolution.

Moreover, the assisting Red Fire Crow would lose the possibility of evolving into a Double-headed Flame Crow.

No creature willingly becomes the wedding dress of another, and Zhou Zhu, in his desperation to evolve his Red Fire Crow, had no choice but to capture a wild Red Fire Crow and force it to cooperate with the evolution.

The evolution was successful, but it also failed.

His Red Fire Crow became a Double-headed Flame Crow of the King Species, but the newly born consciousness was too independent and seemed to solidify the resentment of that wild Red Fire Crow, instinctively enjoying the act of contradicting the original consciousness.

Its Power became muddled and stiff due to the mismatch between the two consciousnesses, a sign of which was the dark and mottled colors of the flames that surrounded the Double-headed Flame Crow.

Originally, after numerous failed attempts and fruitless visits to powerful individuals for help, Zhou Zhu had given up on improving the condition of the Double-headed Flame Crow.

But at this moment, as the flames surging around the Double-headed Flame Crow gradually became pure and bright, and the mottled colors rapidly diminished, the flame named hope reignited in Zhou Zhu’s eyes.

The calm giant couldn’t control his emotions, and he rushed to the front of the Washing and Protection station, his hands bracing against the station, staring intently at the Double-headed Flame Crow that was close at hand, before speaking in a hesitant voice.

"Boss Xu, can you...solve the problem with my Pet Beast?"

"Let’s give it a try," Xu Ran didn’t make any promises, just mysteriously smiled and continued his rubbing motions without a break.

His forceful hands left indentations all over the Double-headed Flame Crow’s body as he continuously scraped along the muscles and bones of the Double-headed Flame Crow, lubricated by bathing oils, fully activating the fire Power within the Double-headed Flame Crow with each massage point.

Once, twice, thrice...

The Double-headed Flame Crow’s cries became increasingly clear and piercing, and the flames around it grew more intense and vigorous.

Eventually, Xu Ran released his hands and stepped back a few paces.

Accompanied by flames that shot up to the sky, the Double-headed Flame Crow flapped its wings and hovered in the air.

Its aura was distinctly different from before, the flames around its body pure and bright. Between its two heads, there was no longer the previous dissonance.

"This..." Du Qian, who had witnessed the whole process, was dumbfounded and completely baffled.

In his mind, Washing and Protection should have been a service to maintain the state of a Pet Beast.

How could it be that, with Xu Ran, even the issue of consciousness conflict of the Double-headed Flame Crow could be so easily resolved?

Before he could voice his question, Zhou Zhu couldn’t help but speak out.

"Boss Xu, how exactly did you do it?" His eyes were filled with excitement, "In the years following the evolution of the Double-headed Flame Crow, I have visited many researchers of evolution, powerful Beast Masters."

"They all expressed their inability to help with the Double-headed Flame Crow’s problem."

"But you resolved the issue so simply."

"Well..." Xu Ran smiled, "Because, this problem is actually quite easy to solve."

"If I’m not mistaken, you must have forced another Red Fire Crow to cooperate during the evolution, right?"

"Yes... yes," Zhou Zhu looked somewhat uncomfortable, but still nodded, "I really couldn’t find any Red Fire Crow willing to cooperate voluntarily, so I had to resort to this strategy."

"For a Red Fire Crow to evolve into a Double-headed Flame Crow, it needs to consume a part of the spirit of another of its kind. The closer in strength the other is to the Red Fire Crow itself, the easier the evolution," Xu Ran calmly stated, "But there’s one thing worth noting here."

"That is, spirit includes the emotions and obsessions of the original Red Fire Crow."

"If the other of the same kind is willing to cooperate, it can minimize its own influence, and the second consciousness of the evolved Double-headed Flame Crow is derived from the first consciousness. Although it is independent, its likes and personality are similar, so they naturally harmonize well."

"But if the other of the same kind is unwilling to cooperate..." Xu Ran paused for a moment, "Its own emotions and obsessions will remain more in the spirit that is taken away, thus affecting the newly born second consciousness."

"You forced another Red Fire Crow to cooperate with the evolution of your Red Fire Crow, the other’s emotions were naturally resistant, and that hint of emotion at the time merged into the spirit consumed by your Red Fire Crow, creating the new consciousness."

Xu Ran glanced at the Red Fire Crow, "Therefore, the likes and actions of the second consciousness towards the first consciousness will always subconsciously resist."@@novelbin@@

"Commonly known as, being contrary."

"If so, the Double-headed Flame Crow’s personality should be unchangeable, right?" Du Qian couldn’t help but ask curiously, "Why just through Washing and Protection can it be changed?"

Looking at the Double-headed Flame Crow now, its two heads appeared particularly harmonious with each other, nowhere near the previous hostility; it seemed like it had transformed from mortal enemies to best buds in an instant.

"Well..." Xu Ran suddenly grinned, "People who are good at Washing and Protection being good at brainwashing makes sense, doesn’t it?"