Chapter 302 - 185 - The New Goal Of The Three

Chapter 302: Chapter 185 – The New Goal of the Three

Little 0nes_2

Translator: 549690339

Task description: Please ask the host to set up a branch in a second-level town, and reach a local reputation of 70% (3-2/70)

Task reward: System Clerk x3, System Upgrade Experience +400] Seeing his fame increase by more than ten times since he set out, a satisfied smile appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Although the current pace of popularity increase is slower than when he was in Qingzhou City, this is mainly because Xieyun City has a more substantial population base.

So, this kind of improvement is already better than he expected.

“Meow?” (How effective is our advertising?)

Ziyun leaned in curiously in front of Xu Ran and asked.

“The effect is very good.” Xu Ran smiled, “If nothing happens, there should be quite a few guests tomorrow, although not necessarily everyone will spend money.”

With the store open, Xu Ran doesn’t think these people who heard the news would have no way to find him.

So…

Isn’t the business coming?

Open the situation!

Hearing Xu Ran’s affirmative reply, the three little ones all showed excited expressions.

If the Foster Shop business improves, they will get more resources.

In this way, the speed of getting stronger will naturally be faster.

“Xi Lu~” (My advertising effect must be the best!)

Star let out a neigh, his eyes filled with a touch of pride.

Being third in the historical rankings of the Leadership Stage Pet Beast speed list, his ranking result today was the best among the three little ones, so the advertising effect is naturally the best!

“Charming!” (My advertising effect is also definitely not weak.)

Cancan hummed, not willing to show weakness.

It also broke into the top 300 of the historical list, and even took the second place on the current list, so there must be many people who have noticed the Starfire Foster Care Shop because of it!

“Meow…” (You two…)

A glint of fierceness flashed in Ziyun’s eyes.

Obviously, it was the first pet beast to be contracted, but at this moment it was ranked third, which made it a little unhappy.

As the oldest, it must boost its team spirit!

“Meow!” (Tomorrow I’m going to the Beast Trainer Ranking again!) @@novelbin@@

Ziyun hummed, burning with soaring fighting spirit in her eyes.

The negative effects brought by the Scarlet Battle Intent have completely disappeared, its fighting power has recovered, and its strength has returned to its peak.

It has tried the Combat Power List today, and it will go there again tomorrow, trying to attack the second place.

Not just that, it will try other lists tomorrow!

For instance, the speed list that Star has tried.

Although it has a high probability of not being able to make the historical list, occupying a high enough ranking on the current list can still earn a certain Beast Master Points reward at the end of the week settlement.

Not only that, when its name appears on more lists, it will inevitably attract more attention, bringing even bigger advertising effect for Starfire Foster Care

Shop.

In its life, Ziyun will never be lesser to any beast!

“Charming!” (I’m going too!)

Cancan responded in kind.

As the only pet beast among the three little ones that has tried two lists so far, it was very interested in getting on the list.

Cancan, who is younger than Ziyun and Star, has a strong competitive spirit, just thinking about every rank on the list is like defeating an unknown opponent makes it inexplicably excited.

It, the Panlong Turtle, is fired up!

“Xi Lu~” (I think I can try the Defense List?)

Even Star, also seemed eager to have a go.

After the previous Twilight Watch level up to become Night Rune, Star can not only bless other teammates, but also bless itself.

But if it blesses itself, it can’t enhance its strength, it can only increase its defense power with the Rune.

Therefore, besides speed, its defense power was also quite considerable. Although it’s not as abnormal as Cancan, there’s still a good chance to enter the top 500 of the defense list.

After going in, it could also get a weekly settlement reward!

Although it has already earned 80,000 Beast Master Points through the historical speed list, who would say no to more points?

“All go.” Xu Ran smiled, “Without staff, the daily training time in the training area has returned to six hours. After you finish your daily training, you can go around every day.”

“Try different ranking, verify your daily progress from another perspective, and advertise our shop by the way.”

The three little ones nodded in unison.

They have already remembered the process of competing for rankings.

Next, as long as they bring Xu Ran’s Beast Master Badge to verify their identities, they can compete for the rankings on their own while Xu Ran is managing the shop.

As mature pet beasts, they have to earn their own Beast Master Points! “In addition, we can also compete for rankings together after the shop closes every day.” Xu Ran’s face carried a bit of anticipation, “Uncle Yu said, in addition to the individual pet beast rankings, there are also rankings for Beast Masters and Pet Beasts together.’

Speaking of this, Xu Ran looked towards the wall of the shop on one side. There, hung a long knife with a handle bound in white silk, revealing only a very old and worn-out handle.

He has never revealed the power of that one blade he sensed in the valley under Thunderbolt Half Mountain.

If the strength of a Beast Master and a Pet Beast can both be part of the Beast Master Rankings, then…

It’s time to unsheath the blade.

“Oh yes, one more thing.” Looking at the eager faces of the three little ones, Xu Ran cleared his throat, “Next, the interval of our resource allocation should be lengthened.”

Eh?

Eh?!

The faces of the excited three little ones were like thunderstruck, and their expressions collapsed.

Why?

“Because your strength has become stronger.” Xu Ran softly opened his mouth at the three confused faces, “Less than ten thousand physical points a week isn’t a significant enhancement to your growth stages.”

“To upgrade a skill from Full Moon Level to Halo Level requires ten thousand skill points. You might not even be able to upgrade one in a week.” “If you need to fuse skills now, skill fragments need to be exchanged for three-star skills. One requires 200 skill fragments. You might not be able to exchange a few in a week.”

“The same goes for skill fusion stones. To fuse skills from three stars to four stars, the required skill fusion stones will certainly be much more than from two stars to three stars.”

Listening to Xu Ran’s analysis, the expression on the faces of the three little ones gradually changed from puzzled to helpless.

It has to be admitted that what Xu Ran said is correct.

A resource allocation once a week is already gradually lagging behind the improvement of the three little ones strength.

It’s too little, and seems scarce no matter what.

In this case, frequent distribution might not necessarily be a good thing.

But, considering the fact that it will take even longer for resource allocation to take place in the future, the expression of the three little ones became somewhat gloomy.

Unknowingly, resource allocation has become their most anticipated event. It has transformed from a mere selection and exchange of resources to a means of the three little ones bonding with each other. Through this process, they would understand each other’s power progress and future direction, striving forward together.

“Don’t worry, it won’t be extended for too long.” Seeing the dimming expressions of the three little ones, Xu Ran shookhis head helplessly, “Let’s change from once a week to once every two weeks.”

One thing he didn’t mention.

There’s not enough resources for distribution, but now that we have arrived at Xieyun City, the gains from running his foster shop will definitely be higher than before.

And the Qingzhou City branch is always providing him with pleasure value, skill points, physical points, and skill fragments.

Although there is a certain percentage of income taken from Qingzhou City, his overall resource income has almost doubled.

And this is just the beginning.

Xu Ran couldn’t help but think of the reward for Main Task 3.

Three system clerks.

With these system clerks, he can open another branch and have more income. In the long run, his income will inevitably double again and again.

The Pet Beasts are putting so much effort into getting stronger, he as a Beast Master cannot fall behind.

In Xu Ran’s mind, an image of the vast world map emerged. At this moment, he was still in a corner of the world.

One day, he wants to flood the map with points belonging to the Starfire Foster Care Shop and have Starfire Foster Care Shops in every corner of the world.

But before that…

“It’s dark now, time to sleep.” Xu Ran stretched, walking towards the upper floor, “We’ll work hard again tomorrow.”