Chapter 307 - 188: Is The Lucky Fish'S Sister Also A Lucky Fish?_L

Chapter 307: Chapter 188: Is the Lucky Fish’s Sister also a Lucky Fish?_l

Translator: 549690339

“You wait and see!”

Pointing at Shang Xin, Hou Huafei turned and walked away.

Admittedly, he felt a strong sense of crisis from the rankings.

There was no time to be complacent. In order to secure his rank before the weekly settlement, he must immediately proceed with a more rigorous training with his Pet Beast!

Watching Hou Huafei’s departing figure, a rich smile spread in Shang Xin’s eyes.

Although the rankings of both the combat power and defense lists had dropped due to the mysterious Beast Master, thanks to him, she found Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Not only was there a washing and protection service to help the Linglong Butterfly thoroughly clean its wings, but she also landed at fifth place in the velocity chart where she hasn’t appeared for a longtime.

Adding things up, this week’s settlement…

If she could keep her rank steady, the settlement reward would not decrease, but rather it would be somewhat higher than before.

Speaking of which…

Suddenly, Shang Xin seemed to remember something and quickly pulled out her cell phone to dial a number.

“Hello, Sister Xin, have you been to Starfire Foster Care Shop?

There was a slightly naive voice from Xu Li on the other end of the phone.

“Yes.” Shang Xin’s eyes were full of smiles.

She remembered.@@novelbin@@

This girl, who was seven or eight years younger than her, had become acquainted with her because they both had contracted a very rare Pet Beast, the Linglong Butterfly.

So…

“Xu Li, take your Linglong Butterfly to Starfire Foster Care Shop, you’ll be surprised.”

“Huh?!”

“3990 Beast Master Points have been transferred.

The young man completed the transfer of the Beast Master Points, he couldn’t help but look at Xu Ran and reminded again, “I hope you will take good care of it for the next half month.”

“Rest assured, I will do my best to make each Pet Beast in the shop feel at home.” Xu Ran spoke earnestly, then changed his tone, “However, I feel there’s more to your Fosterage.”

“If possible, I hope you can tell me the specifics.” Xu Ran paused, “It will help me to better take care of the Pet Beast.”

Perhaps moved by Xu Ran’s last sentence, the young man opened his mouth after a brief hesitation, “I don’t really like talking about my family matters, but for Combat FurbalL.I will briefly explain.”

He paused, seemed to be sorting out what he wanted to say, then slowly began, “My name is Zhou Che, my father is a General Level Beast Master, and Combat Furball is his Pet Beast.”

Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Through the conversation between Zhou Che and Combat Furball just now, he had vaguely guessed this possibility.

If not for that, a General Stage Pet Beast would hardly be so close to a young man who was not its own Beast Master.

“My father is a member of the Hunting Squad outside the city. He hunts down the Extraordinary Beings outside to earn the resources needed by the family.”

Xu Ran couldn’t help but rub his ears.

General Level Beast Master…a member of the Hunting Squad.

This gave him, who had dealt with the Tiger Hunting Squad in Qingzhou City many times, a surreal feeling.

So this is what a second level town is like?

No wonder he always felt that the elite-level, leadership Beast Masters here seemed to have nothing to do and could afford to be onlookers in front of the ranking boards.

So, Leadership Level is still in the novice village huh?

Zhou Che’s narration continued, and Xu Ran quickly suppressed his chaotic thoughts and continued to listen.

“The Extraordinary Beings outside the city are very dangerous. Some days ago, my father and his Hunting Squad were ambushed by a small group of General stage Extraordinary Beings. Several people were seriously injured, a few Pet Beasts fell, and the loss was heavy.”

“My father is one of those who lost his Pet Beast.” Zhou Che’s expression became more gloomy, “He had a Pet Beast since I was a kid, it left us forever in

that battle.”

“I’m sorry for your loss.” Xu Ran took a deep breath, a look of sympathy emerged on his face, “And your father?

“His life is not in danger, but he’s also seriously injured. Due to the backlash of his Pet Beast’s fall, he’s now in a coma and is expected to wake up in about half

a month.”

Half a month…

Xu Ran had a hunch, but he still needed to ask more to confirm, “So why send Combat Furball out for Fosterage?”

“Because it feels guilty.” Zhou Che spoke softly, “Combat Furball’s evolutionary previous species was Fiery Bun, a powerful but flawed character in the combat attribute.”

“I know that.” Xu Ran nodded.

Although he didn’t know Combat Furball, Fiery Bun was a species also owned by someone in Qingzhou City and had been sent to Starfire Foster Care Shop for washing and protection.

As a combat attribute Pet Beast naturally possessing four two-star skills, Fiery Bun’s potential was beyond question. But as the species’ name suggested, it had a very fiery temperament and could explode over small things.

What’s more, it hada one-star skill named Frenzy.

That was the same Frenzy that Xu Ran wanted to merge with Ziyun’s Blood Fury before, but it didn’t pan out.

“After Combat Furball evolved, it became more steady to a certain extent, but the fiery temperament was still there, it could be triggered under certain special circumstances.”

“The day they were ambushed, its hidden fiery temperament was triggered. Although this enhanced its power to some extent, it lost the most important orderliness in the Hunting Squad and a hole appeared in the squad’s defensive formation.”

“Because of this, some people in the squad were very dissatisfied with Combat Furball, and Combat Furball was feeling very guilty about it.” Zhou Che’s eyes flickered with pain, “In the two days since father

1

s coma, it had a severe emotional trauma.”