Chapter 301 - 185 - The New Goal Of The Three

Chapter 301: Chapter 185 – The New Goal of the Three

Little Ones_l

Translator: 549690339

Shang Xin was still questioning her existence in the crowd, when the surrounding crowd once again burst into an uproar. @@novelbin@@

Following the end of the current Defense List ranking changes, the Historical Rankings began to fluctuate.

After the unfortunate withdrawal of the 500th rank, the large group of names from the 499th rank all the way to the 269th lit up at the same time, and then uniformly moved down one rank.

A new name, shining with a dazzling light, appeared in the 269th place on the Historical Rankings, replacing the name that had previously held this position.

The reward for entering the top three hundred of the Historical Rankings in one go was…

Fifteen thousand Beast Master Points!

With the rank on the Historical Rankings, this Beast Master who had yet to show his face had won a wealth that normal Beast Masters would struggle to get in decades.

This made the onlooking crowd feel both envious and more curious about the identity of this mysterious Beast Master, known as the “Starfire Foster Care Shop”.

Who could it be, possessing such a powerful ability, yet having never competed before?

“That guy must not be in the testing area!” someone in the crowd exclaimed, “He must have let the pet beasts go in for the test themselves, then hid in a corner and summoned them back!”

“He might be among us at this very moment!”

Hearing this, the crowd stirred, with everyone glancing around, trying to figure out who this mysterious Beast Master could be.

Quite a few Beast Masters were casting suspicious glances at Xu Ran.

Although the two pet beasts by his side seemed harmless, one was a cat and the other a horse, both seemingly matching the mysterious Beast Master’s pet beasts.

Could it be him…?

For a moment, those noticing Xu Ran looked at him with increasingly puzzled expressions.

Feeling the stares from those around him, the corner of Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

Even though the Starfire Foster Care Shop was located in Xieyun City, and he would inevitably be found out under this pseudonym, he hoped it wouldn’t happen now.

He couldn’t stay here any longer.

Although he hadn’t seen much of the Beast Trainer Rankings, he wouldn’t be staying in Xieyun City for just a day or two and there was plenty of time.

Therefore…

In light of the circumstances, it was best to leave first.

“Uncle Yu, I shall take my leave. Goodbye for now,” Xu Ran decisively waved at Yu Changming, then quickly left with Star and Ziyun. Once he was out of the Beast Master Rankings area, he summoned Cancan back from the C07 testing area.

The man and his three pets swiftly disappeared into the dim night, leaving behind in the Beast Master Rankings crowd who once again missed finding the mysterious Beast Master.

“Sister Xin, don’t worry. I believe that with your strength, you can quickly surpass that mysterious Beast Master,” a girl next to Shang Xin in the crowd lightly shook her arm and encouraged.

“It’s tough…” Shang Xin shook her head slightly, with a touch of loss in her eyes.

Unlike the Combat Power List, she had just refreshed her Defense List score yesterday, so she knew very well that she, now fallen to the fourth place, wouldn’t be able to surpass the other person in a short time, not even the third place.

It was all because of that guy!

Shang Xin couldn’t help but glare at the name hanging in second place on the list.

In three days, it would be time for the current rankings to be settled weekly. That person had knocked her down in two out of the three rankings he had competed in, causing her to lose many rewards in the process.

Even if it wasn’t intentional, he was still detestable!

After a moment of silence, Shang Xin turned to the girl beside her, “Xu Li, isn’t your father working in the commercial department?”

“Yes, what’s up, Sister Xin?” The named girl asked curiously.

“Could you help me find out…” Shang Xin hesitated slightly, “Whether there is actually a shop called Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

“Okay.” Xu Li nodded, took out her cellphone and stepped aside, “Then you wait for me, I’ll ask my father.”

Watching the familiar girl leave, Shang Xin’s eyes flickered.

If it’s indeed a shop, I’ll visit it tomorrow and ask if that guy did it on purpose!

There were not a few smart people in the crowd.

After a long time of waiting for the mysterious Beast Master to appear, and without seeing any new list ranking changes, many people in the crowd realized that the Beast Master might have left and started tracking him down using this special pseudonym.

For a time, many people in Xieyun City received phone calls asking if they knew about a foster care shop called Starfire, and similarly, many posts asking about it popped up on social media platforms.

With more and more posts, naturally, many uninformed people who hadn’t come to the Beast Master Rankings began to ask for details. The news that a Beast Master named “Starfire Foster Care Shop” made it to the Historical Rankings three times spread rapidly.

A storm was brewing.

“Phew, finally back in the shop.”

Upon returning to the shop, Xu Ran stretched lazily, then showed an expectant smile, “Let me see, what was the advertisement impact tonight.”

Thank you for the pseudonym feature of the Beast Trainer Rankings.

Originally, Xu Ran and the three little ones’ planned advertising methods were much more complex than now, and they may not have had such immediate effects.

As long as he was on the Ranking for a day, people would continually see the name of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

As long as he made progress on any list, the Starfire Foster Care Shop would attract more attention.

There is no better way to advertise.

[Main Task 3: Out with the old, in with the new