Chapter 305 - 187: The Velocity Chart’S Plunge

Chapter 305: Chapter 187: The Velocity Chart’s Plunge

Again_l

Translator: 549690339

“You’re welcome to visit us again-”

Standing at the door of the pet adoption shop, Xu Ran couldn’t help but smile as he watched Shang Xin happily leave, cuddling the Linglong Butterfly.

The satisfied departure of the first client of the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Xieyun City was a good sign.

What about those two customers who came yesterday?

Well… They don’t count.

Xu Ran didn’t have to wait long for the second customer to step into the shop.

He was a young man who, judging from his clothing, belonged to a rich family. However, he looked somewhat worn out. He walked in alone, looked at Xu Ran, and asked, “Excuse me, do you offer pet care services here?”

“Yes, we do,” stood up Xu Ran, “What kind of pet beast do you need to foster?”

“Isn’t it a bit expensive?” Rather than answering Xu Ran’s question, the young man’s attention got drawn to the price tag on the wall of the shop, making him slightly frown, “It’s my first time hearing about payment in Beast Master Points for foster services.”

Beast Master Points as payment?

Xu Ran looked at the young man with surprise.

Within the shop, only beast fostering services for general level and king level pet beasts require payment in Beast Master Points.

Is this young man complaining casually, or are the pet beasts he is going to foster of such high levels?

He looked slightly younger than Xu Ran himself, it wasn’t possible that the power of his contract had reached such a degree, was it?

“Let me take a look at your fostering environment first.” The young man didn’t leave because of the price. He turned to the door, “Come in.”

“Roar-”

Accompanied by a low growl, a human-shaped pet beast, emitting wild and ferocious breath and about four meters in height, walked step by step into the shop from outside the door.

Its limbs were similar to those of humans, but were extraordinarily muscular, and it was covered in thick fur.

It didn’t have a separate head, its facial features were situated in the middle of its body, surrounded by mottled scars, many of which looked like they had just healed.

And its aura…

Xu Ran couldn’t help but take a deep breath.

The Suai stage!

“This is your pet beast?!” He could not help but ask out loud due to the surprise.

“No.” The young man shook his head, “Is there a rule that one can only foster their own pet beast?” @@novelbin@@

“There isn’t such a rule…” Xu Ran looked again at the ferocious-looking beast following the young man.

It didn’t look like it had been forced to come, and the young man likely didn’t have the power to do that.

As such, he decided not to inquire further.

“Please follow me, I will show you our fostering area.” Gathering his thoughts, Xu Ran led the young man and his petthrought the back door towards the foster area.

“So there’s an underground area.” Walking through the underground passage, the young man seemed to suddenly understand.

He had thought that the shop only had the exterior areas and didn’t look like a place that offered foster services.

Turns out this was the case.

“Our shop has another world hidden inside.” Xu Ran smiled slightly, casually taking a System Identification of the beast following behind the young man. With the myriad of evolutions of the pet beasts, it was impossible for him to identify many of the evolved pet beasts, so he had to rely on the system.

Race name: Combat Furball

Attribute: Fighting

Growth stage: General stage

Body type: Large

Washing and Protection require…

Xu Ran didn’t need to look at the Washing and Protection requirements, so this guy is called Combat Furball…

Xu Ran couldn’t help but take another look at the Combat Furball who was following behind the young man.

It didn’t look aggressive, on the contrary, much like the young man, it appeared to be in a rather low mood.

“May I ask, how did you find out about our shop?” Xu Ran asked casually.

“My home is nearby, I just happened to pass by.” Though the young man didn’t seem much interested in chatting, he answered Xu Ran’s question, “Your shop is the first one I’ve seen that asks for Beast Master Points as payment for General stage foster services, quite an eye-opener.”

Seeing the young man’s reluctance to talk further, Xu Ran didn’t push, but he couldn’t help but feel a bit more curious.

Once you reach the General stage, King stage or even higher growth stages, the value of the daily feeding resources becomes quite high. Of course, for Beast Masters of corresponding levels, they can generally afford this type of expenditure.

How do the other foster shops in Xieyun City who don’t take Beast Master Points for payment do it?

Seems like after understanding more about Xieyun City, he needed to check on this.

After all, the scale and tier of foster shops in big cities are higher, there should be some reference points to learn from.

While they were talking, they had already reached the first underground level.

Gazing at the wide, seemingly never-ending foster space in front of him, the young man’s face showed shock for the first time, “This…This is…”

“Space Expansion technology?!”

“Yes.” Xu Ran nodded calmly, “Our shop uses Space Expansion technology. We can plan a suitable living space for each fostered pet beast to ensure they have plenty of room. Additionally, we customize the daily feed.”

“This…”

Initially, the young man, who thought payment in Beast Master Points was outrageous and had absolutely no plans of keeping the Combat Furball here, was now showing some hesitation. He looked at Combat Furball and then gritted his teeth, “Alright!”

“I’ll foster for half a month first!”

Half a month…

Xu Ran quickly did the mental math.

The daily foster fee for a General stage pet beast is 266 Beast Master Points.

For half a month, it would be 3,990 Beast Master Points.

Very good, if more customers like this come, there will be a new source of Beast Master Points..