Chapter 303 - 186 Linglong Butterfly Cleansed Of

Chapter 303: Chapter 186 Linglong Butterfly Cleansed of

All Mundane Worldliness l

Translator: 549690339

“Ha-”

The next morning, Xu Ran sat at his bedhead, rubbing his sleepy eyes, looking at the three little ones on the room floor.

Star had shrunken his body to about one and a half meters in height, kneeling on the floor with his head lowered against Cancan’s shell.

Cancan, having shrunken to about a meter under the full moon level of Jiezi Sumi, was curled up inside his shell with only his head sticking out, resting on Star’s tail.

Between these two cuddly little fellows lay a fluffy ball of white tinged with a bit of purple, that was Ziyun, who had also shrunken.

Seeing the harmony and affections of the three little ones, Xu Ran couldn’t help but smile.

When Xu Ran made movements getting out of bed, the three little ones woke up one after another, quickly looking towards Xu Ran, energetically rushing into the washroom and obediently washing their faces.

The first to develop this habit was Cancan, who had an instinct to mimic the behavior of the people and beasts around him after hatching from the egg. After seeing Xu Ran wash up, he quickly learned how to do it himself.

Later, seeing Cancan so clean, Ziyun and Star, as his seniors, felt embarrassed and followed suit.

After quickly changing his clothes, Xu Ran also entered the washroom. After finishing his washing under the watchful eyes of the three little ones, he tidied up the sink and said, “Let’s go downstairs.”

“Charming!” (Food, food!)

Cancan swallowed saliva, his face full of anticipation.

The pet beast food prepared by Xu Ran was loved by the three little ones, but Cancan loved it the most because it contained Transcendent milk specially prepared for him, a leader stage babe who is a hundred and eight meters in body length.

Xu Ran, and the three pets got to the basement floor, where he served three portions of their meal under their hopeful gazes.

Different from each other while eating, the three little ones individually managed their food.

Ziyun liked to lick it with its barbed tongue, scraping off food layer by layer and swallowing it. Occasionally when it came across chunky pieces of meat, it would chew them with the teeth on both sides, making a slight “crunch” sound.

Sometimes it would use its paw to scrape the plate, gathering the scattered food together, making it easier for him to eat next, and then lick its paw clean.

In contrast, Star ate much more roughly. His food, although essentially a part of a transcendent being, was still primarily grass and grains with occasional chunks of milk for seasoning.

Each time Star would lower his long head right into the food, chewing boomingly.

Before evolution, he used to eat his food from a bucket.

However, after evolution, his single horn would pierce the food bucket. After several attempts, Xu Ran changed it to a large, wide-mouthed food bowl, solving the problem of inconvenient feeding.

Cancan, who was much longer than before after his evolution, had the same problem, so he, who used to eat from a bucket, also switched to a wide-mouthed bowl just like Star. @@novelbin@@

Cancan’s food varied greatly, but it was soaked in milk, and in the end, it looked something like oatmeal. Cancan liked to eat with his head close to the bowl, always making a mess of his face, which he would then lick clean with his long tongue.

Watching the three little ones eating, Xu Ran had a bowl of noodles that he had prepared for himself. He squatted on the ground and started eating hungrily.

Looking at the large foster area, which was as grand as the one in the Qingzhou City branch, but lacked a tenant, Xu Ran suddenly said,

“Do you think… we’ll have a tenant move in today?”

Hearing this, the three little ones all momentarily ceased their eating, exchanging glances, eyes filled with expectation.

Each resident that would lodge in the shop would also have a unique significance for the three little ones. They would interact daily and get along with each other.

This kind of relationship was like interacting neighbors.

Some particularly friendly renters in Qingzhou City had even become familiar friends with the three little ones.

Like the Velvet Sparrow.

So, regarding what kind of first tenant Starfire Foster Shop of Xieyun City would receive, the three little ones were very curious.

“Meow!” (If there are new residents, let us know with Contractual Sensing!)

Ziyun looked at Xu Ran with hopeful eyes.

“No problem.” Xu Ran nodded with a smile. He slurped down the last bite of his noodle, stood up, and collected the finished little ones’ food bowls. “You guys go to the training area for training, I’m going to open the shop.”

“Meow-” (Got it!)

“Xi Lu~” (Got it!)

“Charming!” (Got it!)

The three little ones opened their mouths in unison, watching Xu Ran leave, then they walked to the training area together.

On the other hand, Xu Ran returned to the shop and opened the door.

Starfire Foster Shop began a new day of business…

Seeing the woman who had barged in as soon as the doors opened, Xu Ran’s face momentarily faltered, then he broke into a smile, “Welcome.”

“Starfire Foster Shop…” The woman glanced around the shop, then her gaze fell on Xu Ran, “Was it you who topped the leaderboard yesterday?”

“This question…” Xu Ran was not at all surprised by her question, and he had already thought of an answer, “No comment.”

The woman gave Xu Ran a speechless look, and after a pause, she said, “Whether it was you or not, that person must have something to do with you..”