Chapter 304 - 186 Linglong Butterfly Cleansed Of

Chapter 304: Chapter 186 Linglong Butterfly Cleansed of

All Mundane Worldliness_2

Translator: 549690339

“I am Shang Xin.”

Shang Xin?

Xu Ran scratched his head, a look of confusion flickering in his eyes.

That sounds familiar. Who is it again?

Shang Xin, who had been keeping an eye on Xu Ran, noticed the confusion in his eyes and a hint of disappointment flashed in her own. @@novelbin@@

Seems like it’s not him.

Maybe as many Beast Masters speculated last night, the newly opened foster shop had spent a lot of money to hire a big shot to top their charts under a pseudonym.

“Tell him, that I will eventually take back my position on the defense leaderboard.”

Oh!

Understanding dawned in Xu Ran’s eyes.

Now he remembered, she was the Beast Master he had surpassed twice.

After a night’s sleep, he had completely put this matter behind. If Shang Xin hadn’t mentioned her last sentence, he wouldn’t have remembered.

“No problem.” Xu Ran chuckled, then asked, “Now that you’re here, why not check out our shop’s services?”

Shang Xin appeared contemplative.

With the help of Xu Li, she had easily found the location of the shop and came over early in the morning. One reason was to express her determination as she did just now; the other reason was her curiosity about the mysterious Beast Master who hadn’t yet appeared.

It was obvious from Xu Ran’s natural reply that he indeed had a connection with the mysterious Beast Master. In that case, staying a bit longer in the shop might provide more information about the mysterious person.

With this thought, Shang Xin slowly nodded.

It just so happened that one of her three Pet Beasts needed grooming. No matter where she did it, the result would be the same. So why not here…

Shang Xin’s expression stiffened slightly.

She saw the price menu on the wall.

“You…” Shang Xin’s eyes widened, turning to look at Xu Ran who was smiling,

“Did you make a mistake with your prices?”

“The price is correct.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, “While our price might be higher, it’s worth it.”

“Every shop claims to be worth it.” Shang Xin glared at Xu Ran, her tone more severe, “Give my Linglong Butterfly a wash!”

Although the price was several times higher than her usual grooming shop, as a Beast Master at the Leadership Level, Shang Xin obviously didn’t lack money.

Consider it an investment to find out more about the mysterious Beast Master.

Such a cheater!

Shang Xin glared at Xu Ran again while scanning the payment code.

In her opinion, this guy Xu Ran was exploiting customers’ curiosity about the mysterious Beast Master to cheat them. She could imagine that she definitely wouldn’t be the last one.

Upon payment, a Hexagram Star Array emerged behind Shang Xin. Amidst the strong wind, a large butterfly about two meters in wing-span, covered with delicate scales and semi-transparent throughout, flew out of the tempest.

Feeling the strong wind blowing against him, Xu Ran raised an eyebrow and casually initiated a System Identification.

[Race name: Linglong Butterfly

Attribute: Wind

Growth Stage: Leadership Stage

Body Type: Medium

Washing and Protection requirement: *****

Review: As one of the most beautiful Pet Beast Species among butterflies, this little butterfly is like a dusty pearl. It’s time to use skillful hands to remove its lead hues.]

One of the most beautiful Pet Beast Species among the butterflies?

Having grown accustomed to extracting useful information from the System’s unorthodox reviews, Xu Ran couldn’t help but take another look at the

Linglong Butterfly before him.

Its form was indeed quite elegant, but the wings were somewhat mucky. If the System was right, its appearance should greatly improve after a wash.

After all, it had a Washing and Protection requirement of five stars.

“Follow me.” Xu Ran beckoned to the Linglong Butterfly, and then headed towards the Grooming Room.

The Linglong Butterfly didn’t immediately follow, but instead, turned its translucent, crystal-like eyes toward Shang Xin on the side.

“Go ahead.” Shang Xin nodded, “I’ll go with you.”

Upon receiving the Beast Master’s response, the Linglong Butterfly flapped its wings, following behind Xu Ran, and Shang Xin also stepped into the

Grooming Room.

As soon as he entered, a look of astonishment flashed in Shang Xin’s eyes.

Surprisingly, the small storefront contained an unexpectedly spacious grooming space.

This space clearly didn’t match the exterior of the shop.

In Shang Xin’s recollections, the only things that could be hke this were… Sensing that possibility, a hint of surprise flashed in Shang Xin’s eyes, and he couldn’t help but take another look at Xu Ran.

According to the information received from Xu Li, this shop had just opened for business the day before yesterday after just completing its registration process.

Unbelievably, a newly opened shop had such depth to it.

No wonder there was such a mysterious Beast Master taking up the mantle of

the store’s name.

While Shang Xin was in awe, Xu Ran had finished receiving a wealth of information that poured into his mind, learned about the habits of the Linglong Butterfly species, and looked at the Linglong Butterfly with an odd look in his eyes.

He finally understood why the system claimed this creature to be a hidden

gem.

As a Wind Pet Beast of the butterfly variety, the Linglong Butterfly’s wings have a very special property, allowing the wind to pass through them unimpeded.

The problem was that the dust and other dirty particles that are normally unseen in the wind couldn’t pass through the butterfly’s wings.

So, it was like a born air purifier. Each time it fluttered its wings, it would attract the dirty particles from the air onto its wings. Over time, the accumulation of dirt would cause its originally vibrant wings to lose their color.

At the same time, what the Linglong Butterfly lost was the speed that it should have possessed as a Wind Pet Beast. Its speed was among the top in the Wind Pet Beasts. However, increasingly heavy wings would drastically reduce its speed.

The problem of dirty wings was not hard to solve. Regular grooming would cleanse the dirt, and that’s it.

But there was another problem, the wings of the Linglong Butterfly are extremely difficult to clean.

Based on the condition of the Linglong Butterfly’s wings and other parts of its body, it can be seen that Shang Xin had previously sought other Foster Shops to groom it. However, these grooms were only able to care for the body, unable to scrub clean the wings.

This led to the Linglong Butterfly’s condition not improving much.

“I’ve heard of a Beast Washing Foster Store, they’re famous for their grooming.” Xu Ran looked at Shang Xin, “Have you taken it there for grooming? Were they able to clean the Linglong Butterfly’s wings?”

“I have.” Shang Xin’s expression turned slightly gloomy on this topic.

“They do have a method to clean the wings, but many of the scales on the wings will fall off in the process, requiring a long recovery period.” “The Linglong Butterfly suffers great pain during the process, so I didn’t agree.”

The Linglong Butterfly is a very rare and seldom seen Pet Beast Species. Even in a second-level city like Xieyun City, the number of Beast Masters who have contracted with this species could be counted on one hand.

At first, Shang Xin was blown away by the beauty of the Linglong Butterfly and contracted it without hesitation. It was only after he realized the difficulties of thoroughly cleaning its wings did he view it as a big problem.

Shang Xin looked at Xu Ran, feeling like his question had a deeper meaning, “Could it be, you can clean them?”

“I can.” Xu Ran nodded affirmatively without hesitation, giving Shang Xin a positive answer, “Give me ten minutes, and I promise to return to you a Linglong Butterfly in its prime.”

As his words fell, Xu Ran began the preparations quickly at the operation table. The main reason for the difficulty in grooming a Linglong Butterfly is that most people don’t know how to properly clean its wings.

But with the knowledge passed on from the system, Xu Ran naturally didn’t have these problems.

The grooming method of the Linglong Butterfly is Wind Wash.

Crushing the custom-proportioned Wind attribute resources into incredibly tiny particles and, using a blowing technique, directing it onto the wings of the Linglong Butterfly.

These tiny particles would replace the dirt deposited on the wings of the Linglong Butterfly, forming crystal-like deposits on the wings’ surface.

And these resources could be absorbed by the Linglong Butterfly!

While the butterfly absorbed them, these particles could effectively nurture the delicate scales on the butterfly’s wings and even polish them.

As such when the Linglong Butterfly finishes absorbing these particles, it will be like a brand new butterfly.

It really is as simple as that.

Ten minutes later, Shang Xin watched as the Linglong Butterfly fluttered its glowing, dazzling wings in the grooming room, creating sparkles in the air. He was filled with surprise.

“If I were you, I would try the Velocity Chart for Leadership Stage Pet Beasts now..” Xu Ran smiled, “Maybe it can overtake others by a shortcut?”