Chapter 306 - 187: The Velocity Chart’S Plunge

Chapter 306: Chapter 187: The Velocity Chart’s Plunge

Again_2

Translator: 549690339

As expected from a major city, the possibility of fostering a General Stage Pet Beast did not exist in Qingzhou City.

The only two General Level Beast Masters present had no need for such a service.

“Alright,” Xu Ran nodded, took out the control hub, and designated a foster area for the Combat Furball in the presence of each pet owner. He then made adjustments to the terrain and environment according to their suggestions. “The Combat Furball can move in now.”

“I’m coming with you to make the payment. Please take good care of it.” The young man looked at Xu Ran, and then gently patted the fluffy body of the Combat Furball. “It’s not your fault, don’t blame yourself for my father’s issues.”

“I’ll pick you up in half a month!”

“Roar!”

Combat Furball stretched out its strong arms, gently hugged the young man, and the eyes that seemed to always radiate with ferocity, became gentle.

It seems like there’s a story there…

Xu Ran couldn’t help but stroke his chin.

The Combat Furball’s low spirits might impact his accumulation of pleasure value, right?

For the sake of pleasure value, it’s time to become a spiritual mentor!

“Tap!”

Standing in front of the Beast Trainer Ranking, a hint of hesitation appeared on Shang Xin’s face.

But soon, the hesitation turned into determination.

“We will make it onto the list, Linglong Butterfly.” She looked at the Linglong Butterfly in her arms and whispered.

“Hiss!”

The Linglong Butterfly’s antennae trembled lightly, making a slight sound, and it fluttered out of Shang Xin’s arms, circling around her twice. Its stunning appearance attracted quite a crowd.

Shortly after the successful entry verification at the entrance, Shang Xin and her pet headed straight to the current Leadership Stage Pet Beast’s Velocity Chart.

Standing in front of the Velocity Chart, Shang Xin couldn’t help but take a deep breath. “Let’s go, we are going to…”

“Oh? If it isn’t Shang Xin!”

A sarcastic voice from the side made Shang Xin’s face darken slightly. She turned her head and, as expected, saw a familiar face. “Hou Huafei, after so many years, you’re still the sardonic sissy.”

“Who are you calling a sissy?!” Hearing Shang Xin’s words, a tall man in a half-opened shirt walking towards them, his face instantly turned gloomy.

“Whoever gets angry is the sissy.” Shang Xin calmly stared at the man. A tense atmosphere emerged between the two.

After a standoff, Hou Huafei snorted and showed a mocking smile. “Face the facts, Velocity Chart is not the place for you. Scram to your Defense and Combat Power Lists.”

“Oh, right.” Hou Huafei chuckled. “I heard that the mysterious Beast Master who was causing a stir last night suppressed you on both lists?”

“It’s mutual.” Shang Xin pointed at the current Velocity Chart. “Your current third spot has now become the fourth, hasn’t it?”

“But you’re on two lists,” Hou Huafei shot back. “And your loss is bigger than mine.”

Shang Xin:

She really couldn’t refute that.

The man in front of her was causing Shang Xin a fair amount of irritation.

Their animosity started when they were still Elite Level Beast Masters, and the Velocity Chart had everything to do with it.

The Linglong Butterfly was Shang Xin’s second pet.

During the Elite Level Beast Master phase, its butterfly wings were not as damaged as now, and it had an impressive speed. It helped Shang Xin secure a good spot on the Elite Level Pet Beasts’ Velocity Chart, still ranking in the top five hundred of the historical rankings.

At that time, the pet beast of another Beast Master had a speed comparable to Linglong Butterfly’s. The two kept trading spots on the chart, often being overtaken and then taking the lead again. Their ranks were always close.

Those who love and hate each other on the chart usually either become friends because of familiarity, or they completely fall out and become enemies.

Shang Xin and Hou Huafei were the latter.

However, the good times did not last. As time passed, the condition of the Linglong Butterfly worsened, and Shang Xin’s rank was left further and further behind by Hou Huafei’s pet beast. She finally gave up the struggle for the Velocity Chart and concentrated her efforts on other charts.

By the time she reached the Leadership Level, Shang Xin had never even visited the Velocity Chart.

However, Hou Huafei’s formidable talent had allowed him to surge to the third spot on the Leadership Level’s Velocity Chart.

Oh, now he’s fourth.

“Hiss!”

Just as Shang Xin was unsure of how to respond, the Linglong Butterfly next to her suddenly let out a soft hiss.

It naturally remembered the Beast Master of the pet beast it had been competing with on the ranking chart during the Elite Level Beast Master period.

At this moment, it sensed the other party’s ridicule and contempt, and the anger and helplessness of its Beast Master, and a towering fighting intention was already kindled in its heart. Even its beautiful, crystal-like eyes became sharp.

Coming back to reality by the sound of her own pet beast, Shang Xin’s eyes gradually brightened. She turned her head to look at Hou Huafei who was preparing to laugh at her, and suddenly spoke.

“Let’s make a bet, what do you say?”

Hou Huafei raised an eyebrow.

He was all too familiar with those words.

Because betting had always been something he loved to do.

Back when they were at the elite level, he and Shang Xin had made many bets on the ranking of the Velocity Chart, and each time he was the one who initiated it.

When did it become Shang Xin’s turn to propose a bet?

“What’s the wager?” Hou Huafei’s eyes flashed with amusement as he pointed to the current Velocity Chart beside him. “Don’t tell me you’re betting on your rank in this chart.”

“Correct.” Shang Xin nodded, “I’m betting that I can make it to the top fifty, the stake is a thousand Beast Master Points.”

As she said this, her heart was pounding.

The competition on the Velocity Chart had been fierce lately. She had never tried to break into the chart before, and attempting to make it into the top fifty would be a significant challenge for her Linglong Butterfly.

After all, not everyone was a freak who hustled under the pseudonym “Starfire Foster”.

But, she just didn’t want to see Hou Huafei looking smug, plus, this was also the goal that the Linglong Butterfly had just told her.

“It seems I can make a small fortune today, I’m in.” Hou Huafei chuckled, showing no hesitation, “It’s been a few years, but you’ve become more impulsive.”

“Whether I’m impulsive or not, you’ll find out soon.” Having received Hou Huafei’s confirmation, Shang Xin, with her Linglong Butterfly, made her way to Testing Field C23 without looking back.

A few minutes later, accompanied by a clear electronic sound echoing throughout the venue, the current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Velocity Chart lit up brightly.

Hou Huafei, who had been standing in front of the leaderboard waiting, furrowed his brows slightly.

What was going on? It was Shang Xin’s score?

Could this woman actually make it to the leaderboard?

He glanced at the speed of the newly lit 500th place, then at the speed of the 50th place, and felt a little more certain after comparison.

Even if this woman made it to the leaderboard, she was still far from the top fifty.

It was extremely difficult to increase one’s speed once it reached a certain level…

Seeing the name that lit up a second after the 500th place disappeared, Hou Huafei’s breath came to an abrupt halt.

This…

This!!!

From the 499th place to the 5th place, a total of 495 names lit up at the same time, then moved down one spot.

It was so close!

He, currently ranked 4th, was just a tiny bit away from having his ranking light up too!

Before he could recover, that familiar yet strange name appeared below his ranking.

“5th place, Shang Xin, Linglong Butterfly, Speed: 324.6m/s”

How is this possible?

How is this possible?!

Looking at Shang Xin’s ranking right next to his own, Hou Huafei’s breathing rapidly became ragged, flashes of Sky Thunder exploding in his mind. @@novelbin@@

Didn’t her Linglong Butterfly go to waste back when they were at the elite level?

Why…

“Ah! What a pity!”

A voice with a touch of mockery appeared next to Hou Huafei.

Shang Xin, holding the aloof Linglong Butterfly whose wings had become even more dazzling, appeared next to Hou Huafei, her expression somewhat regretful.

“If I knew this would happen, 1 would have betted on the top five.” She glanced at Hou Huafei. “If I were to bet on the top five, someone wouldn’t hesitate to take the bet, even for ten thousand Beast Master Points, right?”

“You…” Hou Huafei was at a loss for words, he glared fiercely at Shang Xin, “Don’t get too smug, your ranking is still below mine!”

“Then let me officially inform you.”

Shang Xin’s smile faded, and a fierce determination flickered in her eyes.

“From now on, your ranking on the Velocity Chart is not going to be stable.”