Chapter 308 - 188: Is The Lucky Fish'S Sister Also A Lucky Fish?_2

Chapter 308: Chapter 188: Is the Lucky Fish’s Sister also a Lucky Fish?_2

Translator: 549690339

“Combat Furball and I have grown up together. It’s my family, so I hope it can temporarily leave its home surroundings. Once my father wakes up, everything will be fine.”

“I believe that my father is not blaming it either. The Combat Furball listens to my father the most. By that time, it will certainly become cheerful again.”

“I’ve got a clear idea of the situation,” Xu Ran nodded slightly, his eyes full of sympathy for Combat Furball. “Don’t worry, I will take good care of it.”

He took a breath as he watched Zhou Che leave.

This resident is a tricky one.

Loss of sanity due to innate character flaws, leading to irreparable consequences.

It was its fault, but it wasn’t intentional.

And that is precisely the root of Combat Furball’s self-blame.

To make it cheerful again, a way to keep it from reverting to that state must be found.

So…

Xu Ran rubbed his chin.

Does such a method exist?

“Xu Ran, I’m back again!”

Hearing the familiar voice outside the door, Xu Ran quickly snapped back to reality.

He’d have to think about how to help Combat Furball later.

We should first solve the problem at hand.

“You’re not here for grooming, are you?” Seeing Qin Can stride into the store, Xu Ran rubbed his forehead helplessly, “Although I’ve promised to groom your pet beasts for free three times, frequent grooming isn’t good for them, so I won’t accept it this time.”

“No problem, it’s fine.” Qin Can gave a hearty laugh, a hint of barely perceptible pain flickering in his eyes. He then took a step aside, revealing a slender figure standing behind him, “Let me introduce, this is my sister, Qin Yue.”

“Oh…” Xu Ran nodded, then realizing the name sounded familiar, his voice sharply went up, “Huh?”

“You’re quite capable, young man. You even squeezed me out of the historical velocity chart for the leadership stage.” Qin Yue walked over with a smile and patted Xu Ran’s shoulder. “You’re much better than my useless brother.”

“Ah ha ha~” Xu Ran forced out a laugh, sweat trickling down his back.

What a small world.

Was a general-level big shot at his doorstep now?

He couldn’t help but recall the crowd’s discussion about this woman from their spectating session yesterday.

A big devil, hot-tempered…

He stole her ranking, she wouldn’t beat him up for it, would she?

Thinking of this, Xu Ran gave Qin Can a resentful look.

The town’s lucky fish sure is a scam, isn’t it?

“My brother told me you promised him a free grooming service three times for each of his three pet beasts,” Qin Yue coughed softly. “Which makes a total of nine free grooming times, right?”

“That’s right.” Xu Ran nodded.

“Alright then.” Qin Yue patted his shoulder, “You can deduct four times from his total, and arrange it for my four pet beasts!”

Huh?

Xu Ran looked at Qin Can.

Qin Can, standing behind Qin Yue, showed off an ugly smile that was worse than crying, “Just do as my sister said.”

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded.

The fact that they weren’t causing him trouble made him feel a lot better.

The concern of his pseudonym being later exposed had also decreased.

The only thing he regretted was… he was at a slight loss.

He promised Qin Can free grooming because Qin Can was the town’s lucky fish, which could be used to lure him into the shop more often, giving himself numerous opportunities to catch the lucky aura.

If Qin Yue used some of the sessions, naturally, Qin Can would visit the shop less often.

Forget it, he’ll worry about that later.

“You can summon the pet beasts that need grooming now.”

“Sure.” Qin Yue nodded, and the Hexagram Star Array behind her flickered, with waves of energy causing a storm.

In the storm, a dragon pet beast with a slender form and green streamlined scales flew out, flapping its wings.

“Hey ”

This green-scaled dragon pet beast just flew out and gave Xu Ran a dissatisfied look, a hint of annoyance on its face.

“Haha, this is my pet beast, the Gale Dragon. The ranking you stole on the historical board belonged to it.” Qin Yue laughed when she saw this, then explained.

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

She had summoned the Gale Dragon first. This woman must be doing this on purpose, right?

[Race name: Gale Dragon

Attribute: Wind Attribute

Growth Stage: General Stage

Size: Large-Sized

Maintenance Need: *****

Evaluation: The arrogant little female dragon has not yet realized that she has become a captive. The host must use his graceful hands to let her fully understand who is the master here.]

Little dragoness, captive…

The system is getting better and better at using words.

Despite developing enough resistance to the System’s nonchalant reviews, Xu Ran couldn’t help but twitch at the corners of his mouth, then turning to the Gale Dragon, “Come with me.”

“Wait, I’m coming too!” Qin Yue chuckled and followed him into the grooming room.

On the way here, she heard from her little brother that this shop had actually used Space Expansion technology in the grooming room.

She had not seen such an advanced technology many times and naturally wouldn’t miss the chance to have a look.

As she entered the grooming room, as expected, Qin Yue was startled by the much larger space inside than outside.

But after seeing Xu Ran start diligently preparing the Gale Dragon for grooming, she suppressed her urge to yell out in surprise, pulled up a little stool, and sat in the corner, watching Xu Ran’s grooming process carefully.

Soon, a strange sound, fraught with a hint of winding, as if it couldn’t help but escape after forcibly suppressing it, echoed endlessly in the grooming room.

“Oh—”

Watching Xu Ran’s serious grooming movements and her Gale Dragon’s infatuated gaze, Qin Yue, who had witnessed the whole process, was thoroughly stunned.

This…

What’s going on?

After completing the grooming process for the Gale Dragon, Xu Ran opened his personal panel and was shocked.

[***Wind Driving](Non-teachable)

A new Three-Star Skill had emerged in his Pet Beast Skill column through fur plucking.

Following the three Three-Star Skills he got from Qin Can yesterday, the first plucking session of the day has resulted in another Three-Star Skill.

And this Three-Star Skill came from Qin Can’s sister.

So, was this a coincidence or…

Xu Ran rubbed his chin and turned to look at Qin Yue, who was looking at her Gale Dragon back and forth with a satisfied expression, “The second pet beast can be groomed now.”

“Alright!” Qin Yue’s eyes flashed with excitement.

If she had some doubts about the grooming effects that Qin Can praised to the skies before coming for grooming, even after seeing the post-grooming conditions of his several pet beasts, after grooming her Gale Dragon, she was thoroughly convinced.

Such grooming effects surpassed all the foster shops in Xieyun City.

And this was a newly opened store.

“Come on, time to groom my second pet beast!”

Qin Yue cheerfully spoke, while the Hexagram Star Array behind her lit up again. She recalled her Gale Dragon, and a human-shaped pet beast, about three meters tall and wielding a thunderbolt lance, walked out of the storm.

It was a Thunder Attribute King Species, the Crimson Lightning General.

“Take care!”@@novelbin@@

Standing at the door of the fosterage shop, Xu Ran waved goodbye to the beaming and satisfied Qin Yue, his face also shining with a smile.

All four of Qin Yue’s pet beasts had been successfully plucked.

In two days, he has gained seven new Three-Star Skills.

The Lucky Fish of Xieyun City certainly delivered.

She even purchased one and got one free.

At first, he suspected that this fortune had little to do with Qin Yue and was purely because Qin Can, the Lucky Fish of Xieyun City, was present.

However, halfway through grooming the third pet beast, Qin Can temporarily left the store due to other business, and it did not affect the plucking of the third and fourth pet beasts at all.

This was enough to prove that the four Three-Star Skills he attained from Qin Yue’s four pet beasts had nothing to do with Qin Can.

There can be two Lucky Fishes!

Moreover, there’s another piece of good news.

Among Qin Yue’s four pet beasts, two of them belonged to the Thunder attribute and the Dark attribute.

Added to Qin Can’s Earth attribute pet beast, the seven Three-Star Skills from plucking fit perfectly to give his three pet beasts each an additional new skill.

Two Lucky Fishes from one family benefitted three little ones.