Chapter 309 - 189 Release Of Extract Jade

Chapter 309: Chapter 189 Release of Extract Jade

Beastmaster Report!_l

Translator: 549690339 @@novelbin@@

“Meow-” (I’m not used to having two less hours of training time!)

After finishing her six-hour training, Ziyun walked out of the training area with a look of melancholy on her face.

Previously, when she was at the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City, thanks to Teacher Tony’s accompaniment, each pet beast’s maximum stay in the training area per day was increased from six hours to eight hours.

Now, without the system staff in the new shop, the training efficiency has fallen back to what it was.

“Xi Lu~” (But we can go and challenge ourselves on the Beast Trainer Ranking.)

Star whinnied.

Compared to Ziyun, it saw more advantages. Although it was two hours less per day for training, the other benefits of being in Xieyun City were greater for the three little ones, so it was largely advantageous for them.

“Charming!” (I was just considering what to exchange for the Beast Master Points I earned yesterday!)

Cancan twisted her body, her eyes filled with anticipation.

The Beast Master Points reward for the historical rankings wasn’t instantly credited once the corresponding rank was achieved. The Beast Master Association had a verification process which was completed within twenty-four hours.

If they calculated the time, it should arrive today.

Yesterday evening, while Xu Ran was deep in meditation, the three little ones huddled together studying what resources could be exchanged using Xu Ran’s cellphone. Even though the points hadn’t been credited yet, they had to do their homework in advance.

Hearing Cancan’s words, Ziyun and Star also had expectant looks in their eyes.

Counting the points that hadn’t yet been credited, they each had over ten thousand Beast Master Points. These Beast Master Points could be used to exchange not only marshal-level resources but also king-level resources.

There’s a significant difference between king-level resources and marshal-level resources.

First of all, the energy they provide is much stronger.

King-level resources, derived from king-level extraordinary beings, are 5-10 times stronger in energy intensity than marshal-level, allowing the three little ones to absorb them for a longer time and progress to the perfect leadership stage faster and enter the accumulation stage.

Secondly, and more importantly, most king-level resources have a feature that most marshal-level resources do not possess.

Previously, Ziyun obtained a marshal-level resource known as the Cracked Claw Bone, which gives the absorber a small chance of gaining a three-star skill.

Unfortunately, Ziyun did not gain the corresponding skill from the resource.

Such a feature is relatively rare in marshal-level resources, and even if it does exist, the chances of gaining it are small, as was with the Cracked Claw Bone.

However, with king-level resources, the chance of gaining the corresponding three-star skill of the extraordinary being when it was alive is extremely high.

This occurrence is related to the skill proficiency of the extraordinary being itself.

The skill proficiency corresponding to the king-level growth stage is the halo level.

Upon reaching the halo level, the skill gets a significant boost, creating a closer connection with the extraordinary being itself, and more deeply inscribing it into the body and the bloodline.

From this point on, the skill can be manipulated more flexibly and has a chance to be developed at a deeper level.

At this time, the resources produced by the extraordinary being after its fall would leave traces of the corresponding skill, making it easier for the pet being that absorbs it to sense and master the skill through these traces.

Previously, they were limited by Beast Master Points, but now they have enough. When choosing between marshal-level and king-level resources, the three little ones don’t need to think about it—unthinkingly choosing king-level is the right answer.

“Xi Lu~” (With my points, I can even exchange for two of the most expensive king-level resources!)

Star whinnied, her eyes filled with a few points of anticipation.

Yesterday, she spotted several dark attribute resources.

As soon as the points are credited, she’ll exchange for them!

“Meow-” (Damn it!)

Hearing Star’s words, Ziyun’s little face fell.

Yesterday, Star received eighty thousand Beast Master Points, while she only got ten thousand. Adding to the previous points she had saved, she could only exchange for the poorer king-level resources. The ones she had her heart set on costed too much.

So…

“Meow!” (Let’s go to Beast Trainer Ranking later!)

Ziyun gritted her teeth, her eyes filled with fighting spirit.

What about the historical rankings? She’ll try all the lists, there must be a place where she can get Beast Master Points!

“Charming!” (I’ll come too!)

Cancan nodded her head vigorously, having only five thousand more points than Ziyun, she felt the crisis as well.

Now that the resource distribution cycle has lengthened, they have to rely more on themselves if they want to get stronger!

As the three little ones were talking, they entered the foster area and quickly discovered the first living area that appeared there.

“Charming!” (We have a new neighbor!)

Surprise and anticipation appeared on Cancan’s face.

She moved her feet and quickly headed in that direction.

Ziyun and Star exchanged a glance and followed closely behind.

Before the three little ones even got close, a rather domineering breath surged from the living area. The next second, Combat Furball appeared.

The horrific atmosphere of the marshal level made the three little ones change their face in unison. Their own aura exploded as they prepared to fight the enemy.

However, in the next moment, the pressure from this breath dissipated, and the look of fierceness in Combat Furball’s eyes was forcibly retracted, replaced by a deep sense of regret..