Chapter 317 - 193 Problems Of Foster Care Residents_L

Chapter 317: Chapter 193 Problems of Foster Care Residents_l

Translator: 549690339

“Boom!!!”

Accompanied by a huge noise, an area enclosed in a sphere of thunder-light was added to the already severely damaged testing area.

The terrifying sea of thunder instantly erupted and swallowed countless transcendental creatures. In the numerous electric arcs wandering in the sea of thunder, one could faintly see the struggling shadows of these transcendental creatures.

Large numbers of transcendental creatures completely shattered under the powerful force of Ziyun, turning into light points scattered all over the sky. Ziyun’s own power had also become somewhat intangible due to the continuous and intense battle.

The power of the fighting attribute had already dissipated due to the backlash of the Scarlet Battle Intent. Now it could only use the power of the thunder attribute, which was also nearly exhausted.

Behind it, Cancan, who was responsible for defense, and Star, responsible for power enhancement, also showed signs of fatigue.

The fortress made from the Eternal Iron Wall had collapsed and been repaired countless times under the siege of countless transcendental creatures. Star’s Night Rune had also been bestowed upon Ziyun countless times, helping it withstand the enemy’s attacks.

Although there were skills for recovery, the overall condition of their power was much better than Ziyun’s. However, they were still extremely fatigued from constantly being on high alert during the battle.

Looking at the beast tide which showed no intention of retreating, a touch of fear emerged in the hearts of the three pet beasts and their master. They were like an isolated island in the raging waves. Even though they still had the strength to counterattack at this moment, they would soon be completely swallowed by the surging huge waves.

“Let’s stop here,” Xu Ran said softly. @@novelbin@@

It was their first attempt to challenge the Beast Master Overall Power Ranking, mainly as a trial.

The strength they had displayed now was enough.

As Xu Ran’s words fell, the beast tide froze as if paused, silently fixed in place. Then, countless transcendental creatures turned into numerous lights in the sky and vanished.

The test, ended.

After a moment’s pause, their final score for this round appeared in front of the three little ones and their master.

“Overall power: 329451”

Is it this high?

Xu Ran looked at the score for a while, then suddenly smiled, “Let’s go, let’s see what our current ranking is.”

“Ding???? ”

A low bell rang, resonating for a long time in the Beast Trainer Ranking area.

As soon as Xu Ran and the three little ones entered the C01 testing area, the excited and anticipatory cheers of the onlookers who had surrounded the current Leadership Level Beast Master Overall Power Ranking board emerged. They were watching the lighted up ranking list.

For a moment, there was an upsurge of voices, nearly turning over the dome of the Beast Trainer Ranking Pavilion.

Even under such crowded conditions, there was still a small open space left at the front of the ranking list.

Three figures stood in that open space.

One of them was a man with long black hair and a cross scar on his face.

The man had his arms crossed, showing no emotion, and there was no pet beast accompanying him. Just standing there, he gave off the ferocious aura of a wild beast.

Even amid the cheering and attention focused on the changes in the ranking list, many people still turned their eyes towards him, attentive to his reaction.

Because this man, named He Junlong, was also on the current ranking list, and his rank was not low. He was ranked 9th.

Moreover, he had another identity. He was the biological grandson of He Hongtu, the next head of He’s Martial Arts Hall.

Yes, it was He Hongtu, who had just been pushed down from the first place in the historical rankings by Xu Ran.

Standing beside He Junlong was a middle-aged man with a short stature and a harmless look to both humans and animals. His bald head reflected a bit of light under the illuminating lights, and wearing glasses gave him somewhat the feel of a corporate worker.

However, this unremarkable man standing in the crowd commanded the respect of everyone present because his current ranking on the list was even higher than that of He Junlong’s.

The current Leadership Level Beast Master Overall Power Ranking 5th rank holder, Li Dajin.

Ordinary name, ordinary appearance, but this high-ranking position was enough to prove that all ordinary things were merely illusions to him.

The last of the three was a woman. She wore her hair in a high ponytail, and there was a slight arrogance in her phoenix eyes. She was the only Beast Master among the three who had summoned her pet beast.

A long snake pet beast, as thick as a water barrel and covered with colorful scales, constantly spit out signals, deterring people from approaching.

Snake woman Cai Han, currently ranked 4th in the Leadership Level Beast Master Overall Power Ranking.

The three were all currently ranked in the top ten, so they naturally knew each other. Apart from He Junlong who came upon hearing the news, the other two happened to be in this place.

“This mysterious Beast Master has certainly stirred up quite a storm in the past few days.” Li Dajin pushed his glasses which were reflecting the lights, revealing a warm smile, “Several current first-place ranks have been taken by his pet beast.”

“I heard this Beast Master is only in his twenties or thirties, a true young hero

II

If those who were unfamiliar with Li Dajin heard his words, they would probably think this was pure admiration. However, Cai Han and He Junlong, who were aware of his situation, simultaneously flashed a strange look in their eyes.

When Li Dajin started praising someone, it was rarely a good sign.

“Oh right, I heard that he even took the first place in the personal power ranking?” Li Dajin turned to look at He Junlong, and began to speak with a chuckle..