Chapter 312 - 190: It’S Never-Ending, Isn’T It?_2

Chapter 312: Chapter 190: It’s never-ending, isn’t it?_2

Translator: 549690339

“Do you think there’s a chance… that Beast Master is opening a shop?”

They all exchanged glances, and then someone growled out.

“We should follow! Let’s check it out together!”

This suggestion won many people’s approval, and soon, the bystanders formed a large group, trailing behind the three little creatures.

“Meow-” (These Beast Masters seem to be following us, huh?)

Cancan noticed first and tapped Star with her paw.

“Meow!” (Let them follow!)

Ziyun, unruffled, raised her head slightly and swaggered at the front.

Wouldn’t it be better to rise in the ranks while others were watching?

Soon, she stopped in front of one of the leaderboards.

At the top of the leaderboard was the name of the list.

Current Power List of Leadership Stage Pet Beasts’ Reflexes.

Reflexes were another indicator of a Pet Beast’s strength, one that Ziyun was very confident in.

Combat System Pet Beasts inherently have stronger reflexes than other Beasts. Add to that Ziyun’s Thunder Attribute, which gives her exceptional speed.

The victory she had not achieved in the Combat Power list yesterday, she was going to take it all back through the Reflexes list today!

Ziyun’s eyes landed on the current top of the leaderboard.

“1st place, Qi Changhong, Lotus Mantis King, Reflexes: 46892”

Perfect, today’s target, is you!

Ziyun’s gaze quickly slid from the top down to the bottom of Reflexes List, settling on the indicator of the test site at the very bottom.

C04.

“Testing ground C04 is over there!” Amid the crowd gathered around, a girl volunteers to show the direction.

“Meow-”

Ziyun nodded her thanks to the girl, transformed into an electric flash, and disappeared in a few quick movements.

The girl gaped at the spot where Ziyun had disappeared, and then her eyes lit up.

“She is so stunning!”

Totally unaware of the impact her cool departure and exceptional looks made on a color-crazed girl, Ziyun soon entered the C04 testing area as she wished.

The testing space was a sphere, with a circular platform in the center for the tested Pet Beast.

According to the rules of the test, Ziyun needed to deactivate her size reduction. She grew from her tiny size to two meters in no time, exuding a strong sense of power.

The next moment, the circular platform began to shrink. It quickly went from being hundreds of meters in size to a diameter of four meters. For Ziyun, such a space was almost squeezing her dodging room to the limit.

Ziyun’s expression gradually grew serious.

She looked around, scrutinizing the numerous round holes embedded in the wall of the spherical testing space.

Soon, with the start of the test, these holes would randomly strike attacks at her, and all she could do was keep dodging.

This test made Ziyun remember the days when Xu Ran first started training her, practicing Electric Pursue.

The similarities between the past training and the current test were striking.

However, the current test is clearly much more challenging.

“Beep???? ”

As an electronic beep echoed in the testing area, Ziyun’s muscles tightened beneath her fur. Her heterochromatic eyes flashed with an unmatched fierce light, and her pupils rapidly dilated, turning from needle-tip shaped to circular.

Sixteen holes on the spherical wall lit up simultaneously. The next moment, red energy spheres became traces, rushing towards Ziyun, wrapped in a roaring wind.

“Crackle? ”

Electric light burst around Ziyun’s body, the next moment, she moved swiftly like electricity, dodging between the red lights.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level-Step on Electric Traces!

Ever since this skill acquired the ability to gather electric light traces, Ziyun never deactivated it during the casting process. In reality, though, it is controllable.

After all, this skill was initially a pure speed enhancement skill, without so many effects.

Right now, abandoning some complicated skill effects, Ziyun maximizes the speed boost of this skill, combined with her horrifying response speed. Even when facing such oppressive attacks, she still seemed to handle it with ease.

Seventeen… Eighteen… Nineteen…

The number of holes lighting up at once continues to increase, and even the speed of the attacks increases as the number of holes does.

The difficulty of the test is escalating, and within this escalation, it’s gradually approaching the tester’s limit.

From afar, all one could see was a surge of purple electricity on a platform with a diameter of only four meters.

Within the electricity, a white and purple entangled figure shimmered at a speed undetectable to the naked eye. Red lights like long spears stabbed into the electric light but could not harm it at all.

“Beep???? ”

After an unknown period, another electronic beep resounded.

Ziyun’s figure suddenly freezes in mid-air as a cloud of red smoke rapidly bursts at its waist.

Hit.

Despite its extreme speed, after a long time of dodging, Ziyun still has a few oversights.

“Meow!” (Damn it!)

Discontent flickers in Ziyun’s eyes.

In its anticipation, it could have lasted longer.

The reason for the mistakes now is due to its physical strength not being able to keep up with such a long duration of extreme consumption.

If it were Star or Cancan here, this wouldn’t have happened, would it?

It can’t help but entertain this thought.

What if it arranges a stamina or recovery type skill for itself in the following skill fusion?

Ziyun shakes its head, clears its train of thought, and then looks up at the words floating in the air.

“Reflexes: 49326”

A smile gradually appears on Ziyun’s face.

I, Ziyun, am proud and elated!

“Ding???? ”

As the familiar electronic sound rings, the current Reflexes List lights up, and the spectators waiting in front of the list burst into cheers.

“Here it comes! The rankings are changing!”

“Let’s see how high that Flash Thunder Cat can climb!”

“Wait… the Historical Rankings also lit up!”

“My God, that’s at least top five, right?”

Amid the discussion and exclamations of the spectators, the current list’s ranking begins to change.

First, the 500th place drops off the list under the sympathetic eyes of the crowd.

Ironically, this unlucky bastard is right on the spot.

Seeing his gatekeeper status on the list disappear, he covers his chest in agony, his face showing a helpless expression. @@novelbin@@

The loss of one place is the difference between receiving a reward or not. However, nobody in the field sympathizes or pays attention to his pain. Because as the 1st to the 499th place all releases light and then collectively fell one place, everyone on the field couldn’t help but let out gasps of awe.

This is… a leap to the first place!

It seemed to have happened once yesterday, and it happened again today.

Is the boss of Starfire Foster Care Shop really so amazing?

Why are you running a foster care shop if you’re so strong?!

Amid the astonished and puzzled looks from the crowd, the new first place appears in the dazzling light.

“1st place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Flash Thunder Cat, Reflexes: 49326”

After clearly seeing the corresponding reflexes value, everyone turns their heads to the Historical Rankings that have not changed and checks the reflexes value of every person on the list, determining Ziyun’s position on the Historical Rankings.

As the position on the Historical Rankings is determined, the atmosphere in the field suddenly falls into stagnation.

This result…

Under everyone’s silent gaze, the 500th place of the Historical Rankings dejectedly leaves, and then the 499th to the 2nd place all lights up.

Historical Rankings, 2nd place!

“Meow?” (I’m only second?)

Ziyun, back by Star’s and Cancan’s side, has a look of both excitement and regret on its face.

Being the 2nd on the Historical Rankings means it can earn 80,000 Beast Master Points.

If it had advanced one more place, it could have gotten an additional 20,000 Beast Master Points.

However, this regret quietly disappears after seeing who the first place was, replaced by an upsurging battle intent.

“1st place, Fang Canghai, Speedy Winged Kite, Reflexes: 52123”

It has seen numerous lists where this man holds the first place on the Historical Rankings.

Ziyun turns to look at its two companions.

“Meow!” (I’ll surpass him someday!)

Can’t write any more, as an apology I’ll send a 200 yuan red packet in the readers’ group at twelve thirty..