Chapter 319 - 194 Points Received, Exchange For New Resources!_L

Chapter 319: Chapter 194 Points Received, Exchange for New Resources!_l

Translator: 549690339

The Combat Furball was sent to stay in the store because of its character flaw. In certain situations, it can lose control.

The Hunting Squad where the Combat Furball’s Beast Master belonged was besieged by a small group of Transcendent Beings. In this process, its loss of control was one of the causes of heavy damage to the squad.

At this moment, the unusual behavior of the Combat Furball got Xu Ran’s attention.

He had faith in the recipes provided by the system. For any Pet Beast, food prepared according to the recipe is incredibly delicious.

Before this, no other Pet Beast behaved so peculiarly while eating, even the Shadow Chaser Lizard, which had expressed low emotions during the fosterage process in Qingzhou City, ate quickly.

Moreover, the Combat Furball has the character defects of being impulsive and irritable.

So, there is only one answer.

It is voluntarily restraining itself.

It restrains its own words and deeds, struggling with its character flaws at

every moment.

This can be seen in the Combat Furball’s emotional changes when Ziyun mentioned the Beast Trainer Ranking.

As a race that is inherently combative, the Beast Trainer Ranking, which can show power to the greatest extent, must have interested and excited it in the past.

But at this moment, it shows a sense of retreat.

It seems that the accident in the hunting team has had a significant impact on it, causing it to instinctively evade anything that could trigger a loss of emotional control.

Xu Ran sighed slightly in his heart.

Only the person who caused the problem can solve it. What the Combat Furball needs is the comfort and consolation of its Beast Master who is still unconscious.

As for what he can do…

He will add some calming resources to its food tomorrow.@@novelbin@@

Soon, the Combat Furball finished its meal, politely handed its bowl to Xu Ran on its own, and then turned back to its living area.

Watching the Combat Furball’s retreating figure, Xu Ran put away the food bowl and quickly returned to the second floor with the Three Little Ones.

“Ding dong   ”

A pleasant notification sound came from the cell phone.

Xu Ran opened it and a smile appeared on his face. “The Beast Trainer Ranking rewards have arrived, not only from yesterday but also from your ranking

today.”

The Three Little Ones were at first stunned, then their eyes sparkled.

Beast Master Points!

So many, many Beast Master Points!

They had been watching the points exchange list for so long last night, and now, at last, it can come in handy!

“Don’t rush.” Xu Ran comforted the Three Little Ones. Sitting on the edge of the bed, he said, “Let me see how many points each of you got.

“Ziyun, 372nd place in the historical combat power rankings, rewarded with ten thousand Beast Master Points; 2nd place in reflexes historical rankings, rewarded with eighty thousand Beast Master Points; 14th place in appearance historical rankings, rewarded with eight thousand points…’

At this point, Xu Ran looked at Star and Cancan oddly, “Didn’t you two try out this appearance ranking?”

“Xi Lu~”

“Sure-”

The two little ones shook their heads in unison.

They are both males!

What self-respecting male beast would compete in appearance?

“Alright,” Xu Ran spread his hands, “Ziyun received a total of ninety-eight thousand points. Adding to the leftover points before, you now have over a hundred thousand points available.”

“Next, let’s see Star’s.” There was a slight pause in Xu Ran’s tone. “Star, 3rd place in the historical speed rankings, rewarded with eighty thousand Beast Master Points; 58th place in stamina historical rankings, rewarded with thirty thousand Beast Master Points.”

“The Beast Master Points from before are just leftovers, so you have one hundred and ten thousand points available now.”

“Xi Lu~” Star nodded heavily.

Who understands, folks? The feeling of sudden wealth is simply marvelous! “Then there’s Cancan…” As Xu Ran looked at Cancan’s award details, his expression was somewhat peculiar.

He never expected there to be a body size chart. This ranking is tailored to Cancan. It’s literally giving away points.

“269th place in the historical defense rankings, rewarded with fifteen thousand Beast Master Points; 1st place in the body size historical rankings, rewarded with twenty thousand Beast Master Points; 76th place in the historical stamina rankings, rewarded with thirty thousand Beast Master Points. Adding with the leftovers from before, you have a total of eighty thousand points available.”

“This is all for now. The rewards for the two charts we rushed together in the evening haven’t been issued yet. When they are, you can split them.

“In three days, there’s a weekly settlement. You have several rankings on the current charts, but not on the historical rankings, so you can still get some points as rewards then.”

Xu Ran summed up the rewards they would receive and then looked at the Three Little Ones, all of them excited. “So now, it’s time to exchange the King-level resources for you.”

“Meow-” (I want Golden Thunder Crystal, Super-Optoconduct Stone, and Piercing Thunder Bone Needle!)

Almost the moment Xu Ran finished speaking, Ziyun, who had already made up his mind, quickly asked for the resources she wanted.

“Already decided?” Xu Ran was first surprised, then speechless. “It seems you’ve done your homework.”

He opened the exchange list, and quickly saw the three resources Ziyun had mentioned.

Golden Thunder Crystal, exchanged for forty thousand Beast Master Points. This is almost the most expensive price among resources of the King-level.

And its effect justifies its price.

Inside the Golden Thunder Crystal, a golden thunderbolt is condensed. It is different from the purple thunderbolt that Ziyun currently has. It can be considered a higher-level power of thunderbolt. When under an equal force, it can have a greater power.

During the absorption process of this resource, a Thunder Attribute Pet Beast’s Thunderforce can be refined by the golden thunderbolt becoming purer. While enhancing the overall power, it also brings some improvement to the power of thunderbolt..