Chapter 310 - 189 Release Of Extract Jade

Chapter 310: Chapter 189 Release of Extract Jade

Beastmaster Report!—2

Translator: 549690339

“Roar!”

Sorry, I got carried away again.

The three little ones looked at me, I looked at them, each of us gathering ourselves.

“Meow?” (Are you okay?)

Looking at the disheartened expression on Combat Furball’s face, Ziyun swallowed the things he was about to say and began to ask out of curiosity.

Combat Furball wobbled its body a little.

“Roar-”

I’m fine. It’s just that I had made a big mistake due to impulsiveness before, so I’m always reminding myself to control my emotions.

Having said that, Combat Furball nodded its body upwards and downwards towards the three little ones before turning around and going back to its living area.

This made the three little ones who originally planned to chat with the new resident give up the idea.

After all, this General-stage little guy didn’t seem too friendly.

Cancan uplifted one of its claws, and swung it forward with force.

“Sure-” (Next, we go to the Beast Trainer Ranking!)

“Welcome to our shop-”

Seeing another customer coming in, Xu Ran had a courteous smile on his face.

There were already five or six new customers who came in today.

Although it was incomparable to the bustling scene at Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City, the instant effect of advertising was so evident that he was very satisfied with the advertisement last night.

The new customer was a teenager with an explosive hairstyle. As soon as he entered the shop, his gaze found Xu Ran right away, “Are you the mysterious Beast Master who rushed the ranking yesterday?”

“No comment.” Xu Ran smiled a little.

This question had been asked by several customers earlier.

And he…hasn’t…

“Hmph! The newspaper has said it all, it’s you!” After hearing Xu Ran’s reply, the teenager rolled his eyes and shook the newspaper in his hand.

Newspaper?

Xu Ran’s smile seized for a moment, looking at the newspaper that the teenager was waving around in his hand – the Extract Cloud Beastmaster Report’s big characters were distinctly visible to the eye.

Uh oh.

He almost forgot about the interview with Yu Changming yesterday – today the Starfire Foster Care Shop would appear in the Extract Cloud Beastmaster Report.

“How long has this newspaper been on sale?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask.

“Just released, still warm!” The teenager smiled, “Stop pretending! I knew it was you!”

“I suspected it was you when I saw you at the chart yesterday!”

So this teenager was at the scene yesterday…

“Well, it’s me.” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, “Can I take a look at that newspaper?”

“Sure, here you are. But you have to give it back after you read it, I have not finished reading it yet!” The teenager with the explosive hairstyle cheerfully handed over the newspaper.

“Sure.” Xu Ran nodded, took the newspaper and read it carefully, soon shaking his head in disappointment.

Not on the front page.

Although he rushed the ranking quite fast, in a big city like Xieyun City, such incidents would not make into the main headline, unless he surpassed the historic achievement of Chairman Fang, then maybe there’s a sliver of possibility.

It was on the third page that Xu Ran saw the related news about Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Yu Changming described the situation of Starfire Foster Care Shop, and all the contents were the questions he asked last night.

With the exposure of these contents, his true identity has naturally been exposed too.

“Well, let it be exposed.” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly.

He didn’t plan to hide his identity for long. Before this, he was a little concerned that Qin Yue would cause trouble for him. Now that he discovered Qin Yue is the second imp from Xieyun City, he wishes that Qin Yue would show up more often, so naturally he wouldn’t worry about it.

But… Xu Ran had a thought.

The newspaper has been released, then the fame of the shop…

“Here’s your newspaper back.” Xu Ran handed the newspaper back to the teenager with the explosive hairstyle, while casually opening the task panel to have a look.

[Main task 3: Out with the old, in with the new

Task Description: Please host open a branch in Second Level Town and its local fame reaches 70% (7.3/70)

Task Rewards: System Clerk X3, System Upgrade Experience +400]

The fame has doubled from last night, already completed a tenth of the task progress.

And while Xu Ran was checking, the progress increased by 0.2.

This shows that the Extract Cloud Beastmaster Report still has great potential. After all, it has just been released recently and there is still a lot of room for growth.

That’s good, very good.

Thinking that he was getting closer to completing Main Task 3, the smile on Xu Ran’s face became even brighter. He turned his head and looked at the teenager with the explosive hairstyle at his side, “Since you’re here, need any service?”

“Oh, uh …” The teenager with the explosive hairstyle scratched his head.

He only saw the content in the newspaper, so he came to ask Xu Ran for confirmation as soon as possible. As for shopping at the foster shop, he really didn’t plan on it.

However, for some reason, when he heard Xu Ran say “You’ve come all the way here,” he felt like trying out the service.

“Then… let’s give it a try?”

The young man said, turning to glance at the price list at the side.

One second…

Two seconds…

Three seconds…

“Goodbye!” The young man turned around and left.

With these prices, there’s no way he, Li Aotian, could afford to shop here!

“Ah, this…” Watching the young man’s retreating figure, Xu Ran shook his head reluctantly.

Well, if the price scares him off without even wanting to try once, there have previously been quite a few customers like this.

Now that the newspaper has been sold, more customers should come, right?

Just as Xu Ran was thinking this, the enthusiastically charged three little ones walked out from the back door.

“Meow?” (Did the Beast Master Points arrive yet?)

Ziyun approached Xu Ran, her eyes gleaming as she asked the question.

“Not yet, it should be soon,” Xu Ran smiled, “You’re all headed to the Beast Trainer Ranking?”

The three little ones nodded unanimously.

“Then go ahead,” Xu Ran spoke, pausing slightly, “The newspaper featuring our store has just started selling, and more people are getting to know about Starfire Foster Shop, it’s the right time for you guys to rank up.”

“Meow-” (Leave it to me!)

Ziyun nodded heavily, glanced at Star and Cancan beside her.

Yesterday, these two juniors took all the limelight, today it’s her turn!

Star and Cancan glanced at each other, a competitive look flashing in both their eyes.

Even though they overshadowed Ziyun in the ranking yesterday, there are still many charts they haven’t attempted yet.

So, they need to continue working hard today!

Star took the Beast Master Badge from the drawer behind the counter using his mouth, and dashed out of the shop, followed by Ziyun and Cancan. The three little ones headed towards the Beast Trainer Ranking.

Watching them leave, Xu Ran turned his gaze to a new customer who just walked in. The customer was silent for a moment before pointing at Xu Ran and shouted.

“Indeed! You are that mysterious Beast Master!”

Xu Ran:”…”

“Meow?” (Who’s going first?)

After successfully entering the Beast Trainer Ranking with Xu Ran’s Beast Master Badge, Ziyun looked at Star and Cancan, her eyes questioning.

“Xi Lu~” (I’ll go try the Defense Chart first!)

Star let out a roar, taking the lead.

Yesterday, when Cancan went to try, it felt an eager itch to give it a go as well. In its view, aside from the Velocity Chart, this is probably the most suitable chart for it.

“Sure-” (The Defense Chart test will include two kinds of attacks, one that you suppress and one that suppresses you, gradually intensifying over time!)

Having already tried the Defense Chart, Cancan quickly provided a reminder, though it soon wore a thoughtful expression.

How should the mutual suppression between the Dark Attribute and Light Attribute be calculated?

“Xi Lu~” (Got it!)

Star nodded to indicate it understood, then strutted towards the C07 testing area.

“Meow?” (Shall we wait by the Defense Chart for its test results?)

Ziyun suggested with a touch of curiosity in her eyes.

Cancan nodded, and the two little ones familiarly went to the current Leader Stage Pet Beast Defense Chart.

Looking at her name high up in second place, Cancan’s eyes flashed with pride, her head held high.

Then, she got slapped by Ziyun. @@novelbin@@

“Meow-” (You’re not even first yet, stay humble!)

Ziyun leisurely retracted her paw.

If Cancan is acting arrogantly being in second place, what should she, who’s third, do?

Damn it!

The two little ones started to wait, and Star who had successfully entered the C07 testing area began its own challenge.

As complex and dark mysterious patterns covered its body, Star looked at the quickly converging Light Spears around it, its expression becoming gradually serious.

Defense Chart, charge!