Chapter 314 - 191 Climbing The Ranking With A Sword! _2

Chapter 314: Chapter 191 Climbing the Ranking with a Sword! _2

Translator: 549690339 |

Seeing Cancan’s determination, as though prepared to win the rankings, a member of the audience couldn’t help but remind them.

The reward is a fifth of those from previous lists?

The three little ones collectively looked at the historical rankings next to the leaderboard in front of them. Their gaze shifted from bottom to top, eventually settling on the first place of the historical rankings.

“First place, Yu Wei, Cloud Gang, maximum body length: 62 meters”

“Charming?” (Historical first place, just like this?)

A hint of disdain flashed in Cancan’s eyes as he casually marchvs towards the

C09 test site corresponding to the rankings. @@novelbin@@

First place on the historical rankings, that’s decided.

If it was a normal leaderboard, it could earn one hundred thousand Beast Master Points in one go. Since this is a subsidiary leaderboard, it only gets as many points as a fifth of a normal leaderboard, so it could get twenty thousand Beast Master Points, but…

Who would think that points are redundant?

Compared to the Beast Master Points that are difficult to obtain from other battles, this wave of points is unbelievably easy to acquire.

Ziyun and Star shook their heads slightly.

This is Cancan’s talent. It’s not something that can be learned through envy.

Compared to the main leaderboard, the movements of the subsidiary leaderboard are much more subtle. If there is a change in rankings, there will be no echoing bell sound in the entire field.

Only the flickering lights of the current leaderboard and the historic leaderboard, symbolizing the change in ranking.

Amidst the crowd’s exclamation, the top spot of the current list changed hands first, followed by the historical list.

Top spot on both lists!

Looking at the terrifying body size that left the original first place far behind, the crowd couldn’t help but discuss.

“That Panlong Turtle actually has such a huge physical size in real life? Then why does it look so small?”

“Yes, I remember the first place in the current list, when they came for testing, their pet beast almost got stuck at the entrance of the test site.”

“You guys are all clueless. This is a One-Star Reduction Skill! The Panlong

Turtle must master this skill, which is why it can shrink its size at will.”

Listening to everyone’s discussion, Ziyun and Star helplessly shrugged.

These guys, none of them guessed right.

However…

The two little ones couldn’t help but look at the name of the first place in the historical rankings.

“First place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Panlong Turtle, maximum body length:

108 meters”

Although it is a subsidiary list and not a main list, letting Cancan, the last one to sign the contract, take the first place in the historical rankings, still makes them a bit competitive.

They are the elder ones, they need to fight harder to get up in the rankings!

“Charming!” (I’m back!)

Cancan, shrunken to the extreme by Jiezimixu, returned to the side of Ziyun and Star, holding his head high and looking at his name at the top of the electronic screen.

Although he knew the result of this ranking rush before he started, seeing his ranking in such a high position, he couldn’t help but feel even more delighted.

Twenty thousand Beast Master points. Secured!

Although it is not as much as the Beast Master Points earned by Ziyun and Star, the points Cancan has are enough for him to exchange for two King-level resources he wants!

“Xi Lu~“ (Next is my turn!)

Star beckoned to Cancan, indicating Cancan to give him the Beast Master Badge.

It already had an idea of which ranking list it is going for next!

“Welcome next time-”

After seeing off the last customer in the shop, Xu Ran relieved a sigh.

Today, all kinds of services added up, the foster shop received twenty-one clients, and the number of spectators was even more numerous. Such footfall in the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City was quite popular.

Xu Ran closed his eyes, sensing the existence of the three little ones regardless of distance with the help of Beast Taming Contracts.

Like three invisible lines, one end is connected to him, and the other end to the three little ones.

Xu Ran’s consciousness is like a hand plucking strings, plucking these three lines. The next moment, he established contact with the three little ones.

“How did you three fare in the challenge?”

As soon as Xu Ran’s thoughts were transmitted, the three little ones started enthusiastically reporting their results from the other end of the Beast Taming Contract.

During the day-long attempt to climb the leaderboards, Ziyun secured first place on the Reflexes List, second place in its history, seventh on the Velocity Chart, third on the current Attractiveness Chart, and fourteenth in its history.

The last chart Ziyun hadn’t originally planned to try but, on the recommendation of a casual bystander, it decided to give it a shot and ended up scoring some easy Beast Master Points.

Yes, it was the same person who was left dazed by Ziyun earlier on.

Star secured ninth place on the current Defence chart, second place on the Stamina Chart, and fifty-eighth in history, with the latter bringing in 30,000 beast master points.

Cancan claimed the top spot on both the current and historical Body Size Chart, and third on the current Stamina Chart, and seventy-sixth in history. Its high rank on both historical charts earned it 50,000 Beast Master Points.

The three little ones had quite a successful day of leaderboard-climbing. “Excellent,” Xu Ran opened his eyes slowly, a hint of eagerness swimming in them, “Ziyun and Cancan, meet me at the Beast Trainer rankings area.” Once he had given the order, he severed the Contractual Sensing and strolled over to a sword hanging on the wall, its handle wrapped in silk cloth. He carefully removed it as the Hexagram Star Array behind him burst into dazzling light.

Star emerged from thin air, and seeing Xu Ran with the sword, a zealous look flickered in its eyes.

“Let’s go!”

With a hop onto the horse, Xu Ran and Star quickly vanished from in front of the foster shop.

Standing shoulder to shoulder at the entrance of the Beast Trainer rankings, Ziyun and Cancan were intently gazing in the same direction, surrounded by a crowd of onlookers.

These casual observers had been following the three little ones all the way, witnessing their impressive runs on the leaderboards. Seeing their unusual behavior now, they couldn’t help but start whispering among themselves.

“Where did the Star God Horse go?”

“It seems like it was summoned by the owner of the Starfire Foster Shop.”

“Why are these two pet beasts still here? Are they going to climb the leaderboards again?”

“Are you stupid? The Star God Horse, currently first and third in history on the Velocity Chart, was called back. What else could be happening? It’s a horse-type pet beast, what’s the first thing that comes to mind when you think of it?”

“You mean… a mount?”

“Is the owner of the Starfire Foster Shop about to make an appearance?”

“It’s getting late, if they were going to open the shop, they should have done it by now, right?”

“Damn it! All the shops are closed, why are we still hanging around here? What

a waste of a day!”

“Well, what else could you do? Deliver goods outside the city?”

“Everyone, quiet! Something’s happening over there!”

The gossiping spectators fell into a flurry before quickly quietening down.

Following Ziyun and Cancan’s direction of gaze, they could see a separate shadow rushing from the end of the road, its figure clearly visible in the glow of the setting sun.

“Hee-haw~”

Almost in the blink of an eye, the shadow had reached them. Accompanied by a clear, excited neigh, the outline became sharp and defined.

A pair of hooves were raised high before slowly touching the ground, revealing the young man sitting on Star’s back to everyone present.

The elegant young man was much younger than everyone had imagined. He was casually clothed in a short-sleeved T-shirt, with an ancient-looking long sword wrapped in silk cloth slung on his back. He held the reins in one hand while the other hand rested on the sword’s handle.

He dismounted.

Though the action was simple, he made it seem especially graceful and composed.

In his presence, the previously aloof and mysterious pet beasts appeared playful and endearing.

So this was the mysterious Beast Master who emerged as a dark horse, the owner of Starfire Foster Care Shop?

Within the crowd, some who had met Xu Ran yesterday and recognized him looked enlightened. For most, however, their faces were filled with astonishment and surprise.

“Nice to meet you all,” Xu Ran, who had already learned of the situation from Star on the way, was not surprised at all. He smiled at the onlookers, “Feel free to visit our Starfire Foster Shop whenever you’re free.”

After casually throwing in an ad, Xu Ran took his hand off the sword handle and strode towards the Beast Trainer Ranking’s entrance.

Today, with a sword in hand, he was climbing the leaderboard!