Chapter 316 - 192 - Topping The List With One Strike! 2

Chapter 316: Chapter 192 – Topping the List With One Strike! 2

Translator: 549690339

One man and one blade, their auras gradually intertwining, the blade thrusting into the sky as if to pierce the heavens and the earth. Holding the long blade, Xu Ran at this moment seemed like a drawn sword, waiting for his opponent to offer himself up.

In the next moment, Xu Ran suddenly opened his eyes, a sharp light bursting from his pupils as the long blade traced a beautiful arc in the air.

The invisible blade momentum wrapped up the tangible air wave, splitting all the things it touched into two, coming down with an unstoppable force onto the transcendent being in front of him.

The split energy body of the transcendent being shattered into countless specks of light.

Xu Ran sheathed his sword, picked up the silk cloth on the ground and wrapped the blade once again.

At the same time he finished wrapping the blade, the test venue displayed his power status.

“Power: 40823.”

“This power…” Xu Ran gazed at his test result and froze for a second, then chuckled, “Rank one, as long as there’s a hand!”

“Ding     ”

A solid and powerful bell sound echoed in the Beast Master Ranking area, causing everyone within its range to reveal a look of astonishment at this very moment.

This was… the sound of the Beast Master List changing rankings?

Which list was it?

For a moment, countless people looked around until their gaze finally fell on two closely placed, simultaneously glowing lists in the center of the field.

On one of the lists, the light rapidly flashed.

On the other list, a pillar of light shot up to the sky.

Such a scene was all too familiar to the regular Beast Masters present.

This was when someone simultaneously appeared in the current list and the historical list, causing a change in rankings!

Increasingly more people gathered in that direction. The crowd that had been waiting in front of the list revealed a look of astonishment.

Because the change in rankings on the current list had already updated!

Looking at the name that had suddenly appeared in the first place on the list, everyone was stunned.

“This… power… seems to have surpassed He Hongtu…”

The weak voice of one person made everyone fall silent.

The next moment, the ranking on the historical list changed. He Hongtu, who had originally been in first place, was now officially a thing of the past and had fallen to second place.

“Wasn’t someone going to contact someone from He’s Martial Arts Hall just now?”

The voice of someone else in the crowd made the atmosphere in the field even more eerie.

That guy who contacted He’s Martial Arts Hall will probably get beaten up, right?

“Meow-” (We’re going in soon too!)

Ziyun moved her paw, her eyes revealing an excited expression.

The other two categories of the Beast Master List required the participation of a pet beast.

Seeing Xu Ran stealing all the glory, it could hardly hold back any longer.

“Xi Lu!” (It’s time for me to shine!)

Star couldn’t help but raise its head, letting out a roar.

Compared to Ziyun, it was even more excited at this moment.

As the support role in the team, although it had gained a lot of Beast Master points in the previous Pet Beast Ranking, it hadn’t found an opportunity to truly showcase its best ability.

Team combat was the best arena for it to shine!

“Charming!” (Let me handle the defense!)

Cancan let out a low roar, and a yellowish glow began to fill its body involuntarily.

It was time to fight side by side with the senior beasts again!

Just as the three little ones were fired up and ready to go, Xu Ran’s voice emerged in their minds, “Come on over to testing area Col.”

Here it comes!

The three little ones exchanged glances and then walked side by side towards testing area C01, where Xu Ran was waiting for them after completing a round of testing.

Seeing that Xu Ran who had just completed the test didn’t come over, but instead the three little ones who had been waiting in front of the list left the list and headed towards C01, the crowd of onlookers were initially stunned, then quickly reacted.

Amid cheers and expectant gazes, they followed closely behind the three little ones, then watched as one man and three pets entered the testing area.

Test site Cot corresponds to the Leadership Level Beast Master Overall Power Ranking!

This list is known by many as the true test of a Beast Master’s level of ability.

Many of the Beast Masters who have achieved high rankings in the Pet Beast Team Power List don’t actually rank that high on this list.

Because when a Beast Master joins the fight, more unexpected situations will arise!

The true strength of this rising Beast Master and his rank on this list will soon be revealed!

“So this is test site C01…”

Entering C01 with the three little ones, Xu Ran looks at the vast world and the purple-black soil in front of him, and the wind carrying the scent of blood, his expression gradually becomes serious.

He’s very familiar with this scene.

It’s the scene that would appear outside the city, in the Beast Field.

This oppressive feeling is even stronger than that outside Qingzhou City, because this is Xieyun City.

This testing area simulates the Beast Field of Xieyun City.

Much stronger than Beast Zone No. 97… it’s Beast Zone No. 47!

“Charge!”

Xu Ran doesn’t hesitate and mounts up, drawing his sword!

The long blade seems to sense the bloody scent in the air. A fine red light quietly flows on the rusty surface. The blade itself trembles faintly, emitting a clear sound, like a thirst for blood.

Starlight flies out of nowhere, linking Xu Ran’s aura with the stars within an instant. As their aura fully merges, their majestic power dramatically soars.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level- Fated Star Pulling!

The next moment, three black patterns fly out from the body of the star, covering itself, Ziyun, and Cancan respectively. The intricate and star-like mysterious runes emit a quiet glow, as if they want to dye the surrounding daylight with the color of night.

With the quiet light, the majesty of Ziyun and Cancan quickly increases within a single breath, swiftly surpassing the power of a Leadership Stage Pet Beast!

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level Night Rune!

“Roar!!!”

Cancan roars upwards and its body rapidly expands against the wind. On an endless wilderness, it transforms into a striking hillock. Its power dramatically increases again, with a land-yellow halo completely covering its body and giving it the boon of the earth.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level Jiezimixu!

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level- Echoing of Earth Vein!

“Meow-”

The colored pupils of Ziyun have contracted to their limit, reflecting the emerging beast shadows from the distance, as if to swallow them all. The sharp electricity shoots from every inch of its body, making it nearly elemental. Its fore claws, full of dreadful power, become more sturdy and powerful, with each claw as sharp as a blade, brewing a horrific aura in them.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level- Martial Arts Specialization!

As the strength of one man and three pets rises, their enemies finally reveal themselves completely.

It’s a boundless sea of countless beasts shrouded in dust.

I’s a beast tide of a number you can’t count, making one feel despair at a glance.

And this beast tide is their next test challenge!

“Roar!!!”

Cancan’s expression becomes serious. Its sharp front claws fiercely slam into the earth. As the land-yellow halo flows, numerous tremendously hard walls sprout from the ground, protecting one man and three pets within, quickly forming a fortress that is easy to defend but tough to attack.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level- Eternal Iron Wall!

An invisible suppression, with Cancan’s mountain-like body at its center, quickly covers a range of a thousand kilometers in all eight directions, completely covering the transcendent beings at the front of the beast tide!

As the light and shadow of the Dragon Tortoise briefly appear, the covered transcendent beings are suddenly apprehended by dreadful suppression. Weaker ones can’t even stand upright, yet, their eyes are filled with anger and killing intent.

The target of this anger and killing intent is Cancan, the one who has caused the suppression.

Before defeating it, they won’t see any other rivals in their eyes!

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level Dragon Turtle’s Power!@@novelbin@@

The next moment, countless transcendent beings swarm them, overwhelming one man and three pets all at once.

The battle begins!