Chapter 315 - 192 - Topping The List With One Strike! _1

Chapter 315: Chapter 192 – Topping the List With One Strike! _1

Translator: 549690339

Entering the Beast Trainer Ranking area, under the guidance of his three little ones, Xu Ran viewed their daytime ranking records.

In the process of touring, more and more people began to follow them.

Many were unaware of why so many people were closely following such a Leadership Level Beast Master. After asking, they learned that he was the mysterious Beast Master that sparked much discussion today and consequently, they also became interested and decided to follow along to see.

Soon, Xu Ran and his three pets finished their tour and arrived at another ranking region.

This ranking region was also for the Leadership Level, but the three little ones had not attempted it during the day.

Because this was the Beast Master’s ranking, not for Leadership Stage Pet Beasts.

Now, with Xu Ran’s arrival, they finally had the qualifications to try.

Seeing Xu Ran enter this area, the onlooking crowd became excited. Many even took out their cell phones and started contacting friends.

While the Pet Beast Ranking was certainly of interest, even more intriguing was the Beast Master’s ranking, as it represented an overall assessment of a Beast Master’s strength, presenting a more comprehensive perspective.

Unlike the diverse and numerous Pet Beast Rankings, there were only three categories and six rankings in the Beast Master List.

The three categories are Beast Master’s Individual Combat Power Ranking, Beast Master’s Pet Beast Team Power List, and Beast Master Overall Power Ranking.

The Beast Master’s Individual Power Ranking, as it suggests, measures the combat power a Beast Master can deploy without their pet beast.

For a Leadership Level Beast Master, the third-stage contract power enables him to have a higher power feedback ratio. The cumulative feedback of three Leadership Level pet beasts can grant him the strength similar to a weak Leadership Stage.

Although a Beast Master’s power primarily comes from the pet beasts, there are some who endeavor to enhance their personal strength, developing unique fighting methods.

So, the Beast Master’s Personal Power Ranking was born. Among the three lists, it was the least popular, with the other two rankings being more popular.

The Beast Master’s Pet Beast Team Power List, as the name suggests, ranks all of a Master’s pet beasts’ collaborative efforts in battle.

In the corresponding test for this list, the Beast Master can only command through contractual sensing and cannot participate in the fight himself.

It evaluates the command ability of the Beast Master and the overall strength of the Pet Beasts.

As for the last one, Beast Master Overall Power Ranking, it’s the most straightforward list among the three. Both Beast Masters and pet beasts can join the battle, and the rankings are determined based on their overall strength displayed.

It reflects the Beast Master’s ability closest to real combat situations and is the most valued among the three Beast Master rankings.

After all, the Beast Masters who can appear on this list are without exception, powerful. They can step into Suai Stage or even higher levels in the future.

They will undoubtedly leave the guardianship of Xieyun City, confronting the boundless wild super creatures outside the city.

Each category has two listings: the current one and the historical one.

Xu Ran’s gaze fluttered among the six lists, eventually landing on the Leader Level Beast Master’s Individual Power Historical Rankings at the top of the list.

“1st Place, He Hongtu, Battle Power: 324.42”

“This is the previous grandmaster of He’s Martial Arts Hall, a very famous Beast Master in Xieyun City known for developing personal strengths.” As Xu Ran’s gaze landed on the name, someone in the crowd began to introduce him.

Xu Ran nodded slightly in their direction to express his gratitude. Then, he gently patted the hilt of his sword, a smile spreading across his face as a combat mentality welled up within his eyes.

“Let’s go, we’ll try this one first.”

Individual power, huh…

The blade he had acquired by chance, he hadn’t had an opportunity to draw it yet. He wondered how he would compare to the Beast Masters who specialize in personal combat power development?

Seeing that Xu Ran was determined to challenge this ranking, the onlooking crowd was instantly excited. Some even directly contacted the Beast Masters associated with He’s Martial Arts Hall, asking them to hurry over and watch.

Ignoring the voices around him, Xu Ran left his three little ones in front of the ranking list and strides toward the corresponding testing area.

Test venue C03.

As a niche list, the C03 testing venue was empty.

As Xu Ran validated his identity and entered, soon enough, the doorway of the venue was packed with Beast Masters who had come to watch the excitement. As they stared at the closed door, they couldn’t help but discuss among themselves.

“I see he’s carrying a sword, is he good with it?”

“I feel like his sword is quite old, it probably isn’t simple.”

“Why do I feel that his sword is almost rusted, like some scrap metal. Can this really be used as a weapon?”

“Who knows, let’s watch and see…”

“Shhh ”

The faint sound of silk rubbing against the blade echoed in the silent test room.

Xu Ran gently removed the silk wrap from the blade circle by circle and tossed it at his feet, revealing the rusty long sword beneath the silk wrap.

Although the long sword was rusty, there was a strangely intimidating aura hidden within it, causing anyone who saw this sword to feel a subtle palpitation.

He held the hilt with both hands, pointed the blade diagonally upwards, and then looked at the energy being forming in front of him while slowly closing his eyes.@@novelbin@@

A sharp wave of Knife Intent flowed around Xu Ran, then silently merged into the long sword in his hand. The sword resonated with it, causing the blade hidden under the rust to subtly gleam, as though some force was being triggered.