Chapter 313 - 191: Charging Rankings With

Chapter 313: Chapter 191: Charging Rankings with

Sword !_1

Translator: 549690339

“Starfire Foster Care Shop… This must be the place!”

The sound came from outside the door, and soon a middle-aged Beast Master walked into the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Xu Ran, who had just sat down shortly before, quickly stood up, his face breaking into a smile, “Welcome.”

Ever since the three little ones went for the rankings, more and more customers had started coming to the shop.

Some of these customers had seen articles about the Starfire Foster Shop in the Extract Cloud Beastmaster Report, while others had noted the ranking efforts of the three little ones and had come for a nosy.

The vast majority did not spend any money in the Starfire Foster Shop, but the small remainder made the shop lively and bustling.

Any kind of exposure-induced popularity is temporary, but Xu Ran firmly believes that he has the ability to retain this popularity and transform it into something else that attracts customers.

Its reputation.

“Humph. Don’t bother with the pleasantries.” The middle-aged man grunted, his expression sour, “Your Flash Thunder Cat knocked me from the top spot on the Reflexes List!”

First in reflexes?

Xu Ran blinked.

When did this happen?

Seeing Xu Ran’s baffled expression, Qi Changhong became even more frustrated, “Ask your Pet Beast!”

“I will ask.” Xu Ran used Contractual Sensing to contact Ziyun.

Quickly, Ziyun’s excited voice emerged in his mind.

Xu Ran’s eyes soon filled with surprise.

It actually achieved second place in the historical Reflexes List?

He had always thought that attack power was Ziyun’s strongest attribute, but now it seemed that Ziyun’s reflex speed was impressive too.

“Ahem!”

A heavy cough snapped Xu Ran back to reality. Looking at the irritated Qi Changhong, Xu Ran quickly flashed a smile, “Sir, I understand your frustration, but there are ways to surpass my Pet Beast.”

“What methods?” Qi Changhong, initially vexed, showed curiosity, “Do tell?”

“The method is straightforward.” Xu Ran pointed at the price list for the Accompanying Training Service on the wall, “Our shop has a high-quality Accompanying Training Service that can greatly increase your Pet Beast’s training efficiency. Naturally, this would greatly enhance its reflexes.”

“Hmm… It sounds reasonable, but you’re just advertising yourself, aren’t you?” Qi Changhong rubbed his chin.

Considering how powerful Xu Ran’s three Pet Beasts were, he was somewhat convinced by his words.

But as Qi Changhong turned his head and saw the prices on the price list, that seed of trust instantly evaporated.

“This shop is a rip-off!” Qi Changhong grumbled, “You’re charging so much for a Leadership Stage accompanying practice. I don’t believe people would…”

“Squeak-”

Before Qi Changhong could finish his sentence, the shop’s back door opened. A young girl, holding a rather petite Pet Beast, walked out excitedly, “Boss, your training method is incredible! My fluffy mouse’s Skill Proficiency has broken through!”

“Oh, you have a customer?” The girl noticed Qi Changhong, stuck her tongue out, “I won’t disturb you then, I’ll be back next time!”

“We look forward to your next visit,” Xu Ran said with a smile as he waved goodbye. He then looked back at the silently fuming Qi Changhong.

Silence is golden at such times.

“You… I… you…” Qi Changhong opened his mouth to speak but finally strode towards the store’s back door, “Get me an hour of accompanying practice!”

“No problem.” Xu Ran smiled and nodded, quickly following him.

Another deal done!

“Meow-” (I’ve just reported our ranking situation to Xu Ran.)

Ziyun tossed the Beast Master Badge he held in his mouth to Cancan, then began licking his paw.

“Meow!” (Your turn!) @@novelbin@@

“Well…” (Let me think…)

Cancan’s face showed a hint of confusion.

Even though it had been clamoring to go for other rankings before coming here, now that it was here, it wasn’t sure which ranking would suit it best.

Velocity Chart?

For something as slow-moving as Cancan, this ranking was absolutely out of the question.

Reflexes List?

Ziyun had just told it and Star about what was tested in the Reflexes List. With its large body and somewhat slow movements, it would be a sitting target in Test Area C04 without any room for maneuver.

Cancan looked all around, finally locking its gaze on one direction.

Taking unhurried steps, Cancan walked towards that list, with Ziyun and Star following behind, followed by a crowd of onlookers trying to catch the latest goss.

Quickly, an electronic screen over a hundred meters high appeared in front of everyone.

This was a brand-new list. Seeing its name, a wave of murmurs broke out among the onlookers.

Unexpectedly, the Panlong Turtle had chosen this list!

Current Leader Stage Pet Beast Body Size Chart!

Ziyun and Star, standing behind Cancan, exchanged surprised glances.

They never expected there would be such a list among the Leader Stage Pet Beast rankings.

They hadn’t paid any attention to it before.

Because this list, although as high as other Leader Stage lists, was much dimmer than the others, and so didn’t stand out.

“Um… This is an auxiliary list. It’s less important than the main ones, so the rewards for topping it are only one-fifth of the normal lists. It’s a sort of encouragement,” someone explained..