Chapter 311 - 190: It’S Never-Ending, Isn’T It?_L

Chapter 311: Chapter 190: It’s never-ending, isn’t it?_l

Translator: 549690339 I

“Crack—”

With a flash of the Light Spear piercing through Star’s Night Rune, a scattering of Light Spears dissipated in moments,

Star, standing calmly in the center of the testing area, his somewhat chaotic aura was quickly restored to its peak by the Heart of Eternal Night.

A hint of regret flashed in his eyes, akin to Purple Crystals.

He was just close to fending off all the Light Spears.

Every Light Spear had the same strength, with the defense of the Night Rune, one line could resist one spear.

The current Night Rune had seventeen lines, each use was capable of resisting seventeen Light Spear attacks, and could continuously be activated. Theoretically, this test didn’t pose a great challenge to Star.

But, there were far too many Light Spears.

As the test neared completion, Light Spears were pouring down like rain from all directions. Even with Star’s endless stamina, continuously activating the Night Rune to resist became strenuous, leading to defense failures.

Star, with his stamina restored to its peak, showed a hint of expectation in his eyes.

The Defense rankings had two rounds: one against a suppressed attribute, and the other against a counter attribute.

Dark and Light attribute counter each other, under this situation, the second round would have…

Looking at the test zone now filled with floating purple-black energy orbs, the expectation in Star’s eyes gradually turned into joy.

The Dark attack was undoubtedly better suited for showcasing its defensive capabilities.

So, where would he finally rank?

“Your Pet Beast washing and caring have been completed.”

In the Starfire Foster Care Shop, Xu Ran emerged with the refreshed Pet Beast after its caring session, much to the astonishment of his customers.

“You’re worthy of being my idol; your caring level completely outclasses Beast Washing Foster Store!” A young customer gave Xu Ran a thumbs up, eyes gleaming, “Idol, rest assured, I’ll visit repeatedly in the future.”

“I really appreciate that.” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

The young man in front of him was called Song Shi, the same customer who had recognized him while the ‘Three Little Ones’ were leaving. After confirming that he was the mysterious Beast Master from yesterday’s competition, Song Shi showed great enthusiasm, referring to him as an idol.

It must be said, this was Xu Ran’s first experience with such treatment.

“Idol, rest assured, I…” Song Shi was about to say something when his phone rang. He answered it after a “please wait” gesture.

Song Shi soon let out an exclamation.

“What?!”

“9th in the Defense rankings?!”

Immediately after, he turned his head, eyes sparkling as he looked at Xu Ran.

What?

Xu Ran seemed slightly stunned, then speculation crept into his eyes.

Could it be…

“Idol! You’re awesome!” Song Shi swiftly approached, “Your Star God Horse ranked ninth in the Defense rankings!”

“Is that the black horse that left the shop earlier? Could I take a picture with it next time?”

“… Sure.” Xu Ran forced a smile, while a flicker of curiosity arose in his heart.

It seemed like the ‘Three Little Ones’ had started their ranking competition.

I wonder what places they’ll get today?

Xu Ran’s gaze rested on the long knife hanging on the shop wall.

Once business was finished for the day, there were still many leaderboards to compete on.

Let’s warm up with the Three Little Ones first.

“9th place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Star God Horse, Defense: 52102”

Seeing the updated leaderboard rankings, the watching crowd was thrown into uproar once again.

“It’s that Beast Master from ‘Starfire Foster Care Shop’ again! What’s his backstory?”

“You didn’t read today’s Extract Cloud Beastmaster Report, right? This Beast Master is the boss of Starfire Foster Care Shop, it’s a newly opened foster shop.”

“What? The boss of a foster shop has such skills? Where is this shop?”

II II

Listening to the discussions going around, Ziyun and Cancan looked at each other.

“Meow?” (Could I… try the Defense leaderboard?)

Seeing Star and Cancan successively obtaining good scores, Ziyun flexed his paw, a touch eager to give it a try.

Though, it doesn’t possess a single skill that could serve as a defense skill.

How are those words again?

The best defense is a good offense.

If your strength is high enough, you can use an attack as defense!

“Sure?” (Perhaps you should try something else?)

Upon hearing this, Cancan’s expression became strange.

If he remembered correctly, the Defense ranking rules are to withstand attacks without fighting back.

If they could counterattack in the rank competition, why would there be a separation between defense and attack?

“Meow-” (Alright then.)

Watching Star returning casually, Ziyun stretched out his paw at him.

“Meow!” (Let me try next!)

“Xi Lu!” (Okay!)

Looking up at his own ranking, Star felt a few moments of joy as he passed the Beast Master’s Badge to Ziyun.

Since they only had one Beast Master’s Badge, the Three Little Ones could only compete one at a time. @@novelbin@@

“Meow!” (Now, watch me!)

Badge in paw, Ziyun walked towards another leaderboard with a spring in his step.

The interactions of the Three Little Ones also garnered quite a bit of attention.

“These three seem to be the Pet Beasts of that ‘Starfire Foster Care Shop’, right?”

“Seems so? If they’re here, where’s that mysterious Beast Master?”