Chapter 318 - 193 Problems Of Foster Care Residents!

Chapter 318: Chapter 193 Problems of Foster Care Residents!

Translator: 549690339

“Humph!” Seeing the other party touch on sensitive topics, He Junlong’s expression darkened slightly.

Having his grandfather surpassed by that mysterious Beast Master always made him feel inexplicably inferior.

All this time, his grandfather’s no.i position on the personal power historical rankings had been one of the prides of He’s Martial Arts Hall. Now that the honor was lost, there was significant dissatisfaction in the Hall.

Upon hearing that the person was going for the overall power ranking, He Junlong proactively came over, wanting to see who this mysterious person was.

“I heard, that person runs a Foster Shop.” Cai Han slowly broke the silence, her voice as cold as her demeanor. “Has any of you ever visited his shop?”

Li Dajin shook his head slightly, while He Junlong laughed disdainfully, “I heard his foster shop’s service prices are much higher than other places, perhaps he is overly money-minded?”

“Um…” From the crowd not far from the trio, a shy young girl raised her hand.

“I have been there, their service really is excellent…”

Feeling the gazes of the three Beast Masters on her, the girl pulled back her hand, moved back, and stood behind the crowd.

How scary!

“So the service is excellent, huh…” Cai Han muttered, her eyes flashing a thoughtful gleam.

The next moment, sensing something, she abruptly looked up at the ranking board in front of her.

Others who had also noticed the changes did the same.

After continuous light flickering, the Beast Master Overall Power Ranking had finally begun to change!

Accompanied by the dimming of the name at the 500th place, in the nervous gazes of many, the 499th place started climbing, lighting up every place it passed, all the way to the 4th.

“Whoa???? ”

There was an uproar among the crowd, then their gazes fell on the three people at the top of the rankings.

The highest-ranked among them was precisely the 4th place.

Which meant…

The rankings of these three individuals were all going to drop by one place!

Upon seeing his name lit up on the leaderboard, Li Dajin lowered his head to adjust his glasses, hiding his keen gaze behind them, and shook his head slightly, “Truly, heroes emerge from the young-”

At this moment, the same words held a slightly different meaning.

He Junlong’s stern face was unable to remain composed, as he was looking at

Xu Ran who had far surpassed him in rank, his eyes were wide open.

No way… How is this possible?

While strong individual combat power contributes minimally to the overall strength, a Beast Master’s own power could hardly surpass that of his Pet Beast, no matter how strong it was.

How could this guy have such a strong overall power while having such a high individual combat power at the same time?

He’s not even thirty, has he been getting stronger since he was in his mother’s womb?

Seeing her rank drop from 4th to 5th, Cai Han’s gaze also flashed a moment of surprise.

She had specifically come to the Beast Trainer Ranking because she had heard that Li Dajin was going to come today.

Their rankings had always been close, and it was time for the weekly settlement. She was worried that Li Dajin, who seems harmless but is actually cunning, would steal rankings, so she decided to secure her current position.

She never expected that before Li Dajin had a chance to make a move, her rank was stolen by a stranger Beast Master.

“4th place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Overall Power: 329451”

After taking a deep look at this name, Cai Han turned around and left with her Pet Beast.

Starfire Foster Care Shop, huh? She has taken note of it.

Noticing Cai Han’s departure, the crowd automatically made way for her. After Cai Han disappeared from the field, Xu Ran, accompanied by his three little ones, slowly walked out from the C01 testing area.

In a funny coincidence, he stopped right beside Li Dajin and He Junlong at the ranking board.

“4th place?” Xu Ran stroked his chin, his face showing a hint of dissatisfaction, “Isn’t that low?”

Although none of the three little ones had reached the Perfect Leadership Stage yet, and they hadn’t yet had time to break through to the Halo Level, let alone the Full Moon Level for many of their skills.

But they collaborated harmoniously and had such a well-rounded skill set, he hadn’t expected not to make it to the top three or make it onto the Historical Rankings.

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, the three little ones nodded approvingly, their faces showing a tinge of regret.

Next time they must work harder to achieve a higher ranking!

Meanwhile, the spectators nearby, as well as Li Dajin and He Junlong who caught Xu Ran’s words, gained a rather interesting expression.

This ranking…

He’s not satisfied with it?!

“Hmph! Arrogant!” He Junlong snorted. In his gaze towards Xu Ran, there was a hint of hostility, “Do you think it’s easy to get into the top three?”

“And you are…” Xu Ran asked with a smile.

“I, He Junlong, of He’s Martial Arts Hall…”

“Ah, the one who ranked tenth.” Xu Ran revealed an enlightened look, then lightly patted He Junlong’s shoulder, “Do you want to become stronger? Want to climb higher on the leaderboard?” @@novelbin@@

“Come to Starfire Foster Shop, I’ll make your dream come true!”

He Junlong:”…”

Spectating crowd:”…”

It’s clear, this guy really loves to advertise his shop!

“Oh? Your shop has such an effect?” Li Dajin, who stood nearby, pushed up his glasses, revealing an interested smile, “Is that true?”

“Of course.” Xu Ran smiled warmly, “Our shop’s Washing and Protection service can effectively enhance the state of your Pet Beast, the Foster Care Service can promote the overall power of your Pet Beast over time, and the Accompanying Training service can efficiently enhance the proficiency of your Pet Beast’s skills.”

“Then tomorrow, I might just have to bring some friends over to see for myself.” Li Dajin seemed to have thought of something and chuckled, “I’ll take my leave now.”

Bringing friends?

Xu Ran’s eyes lit up, his gaze towards Li Dajin becoming warmer.

What a good man!

Looking at Li Dajin’s retreating figure, He Junlong’s eyes flashed with thought.

First, Xu Ran snatched the top position on the Individual Combat Power Ranking from his grandfather, now he’s swooped in above his own rank, pushing him to tenth. If he immediately rallied the others in the Martial Arts Pavilion to oppress Xu Ran, it would be rather lowly and unwarranted, tarnishing their reputation.

Li Dajin’s departure served as a wake up call for him.

Perhaps, he could…

“I will also be coming tomorrow.” Having thought of something, He Junlong’s eyes sparkled briefly, then he snorted and swaggered off.

“Welcome, welcome-‘

1

Xu Ran’s smile widened.

Although he sensed that these guys might have some ill intentions, a customer is still a customer.

As long as he can gain Pleasure Value, they’re all good people!

“All of you are also welcome to Starfire Foster Shop.”

Xu Ran bid farewell to the surrounding spectators with a bow, climbed onto his horse with Ziyun and Cancan, and under everyone’s watchful gaze, left the scene.

With the competition over, it was time to prepare dinner for today’s new Foster Care Residents.

“Ding dong dong—”

In the underground layer of the Foster Area, Xu Ran struck the large Iron Pot he was holding, creating a clear and pleasant sound, catching the attention of the new residents in the shop.

Realizing it was mealtime, three distinctly different Pet Beasts emerged, quickly surrounding Xu Ran.

Aside from the Combat Furball, two other Pet Beasts were delivered today. They were two Leadership Stage Pet Beasts, owned by the same Beast Master, sent here because they were bullying the owner’s newly Contracted third beast…

All problem residents.

Under the powerful General Stage Combat Furball, the two Leadership Stage Pet Beasts behaved obediently, each of them taking their own food and eating it greedily.

Under the influence of the healthy and delicious food, the two beasts quickly felt an overflowing Power surging through their bodies, as if they had an unending source of energy.

A moment later, after putting down their empty food bowls, they each went back to their living area, growling loudly and constantly writhing to relieve the overflowing energy.

Compared to them, the Combat Furball remained quite composed.

Even when faced with such delicious food, it still maintained its good eating manners, carefully chewing one bite at a time, only moving onto the next bite when the last one was completely swallowed. It even casually observed the three little ones eating alongside it.

“Roar-”

You seem to be in a good mood?

Looking at the carefree appearance of the three little ones, an envious look flashed in the Combat Furball’s eyes, and it roared inquisitively.

“Meow-” (We rushed to the Beast Trainer Ranking today! We earned a lot of Beast Master Points!)

The cheerful Ziyun volunteered this information.

“Roar…”

Beast Trainer Ranking…

A look of excitement appeared in Combat Furball’s eyes, quickly fading to be replaced with a sense of restraint and withdrawal.

Watching this, Xu Ran appeared thoughtful.