Chapter 322 - 195 Snake Woman Cai Han_2

Chapter 322: Chapter 195 Snake Woman Cai Han_2

Translator: 549690339

Early the next morning.

“Ding ding ding-”

With Xu Ran tapping a spoon on a pot, three dwellers rushed frantically more than yesterday to face Xu Ran, their eyes on the food bowl in Xu Ran’s hand, quietly waiting for Xu Ran to distribute their respective food.

“This is the food for Crack Sky Eagle and Dark Electric Flood.” Xu Ran gave the two food bowls to the two leadership-stage dwellers in the shop, then handed the biggest bowl to the Combat Furball. “This is yours.”

“Roar-”

The Combat Furball nodded, stepped forward, and took over the food bowl with both hands.

“Eve added some calming substances into your food today. I hope this can help you.”

The Combat Furball feeding slightly paused when it heard this, glanced at Xu Ran with gratitude, then carried its food bowl back to its own place and started eating as unhurriedly as yesterday.

Xu Ran who was patiently waiting for Combat Furball to finish eating suddenly got a call.

“Hello, yes… huh, it’s me… okay.” Xu Ran soon hung up the phone, looking at the three little ones who had finished eating and were now perking their ears to eavesdrop. “The resources arrived.”

“You guys can just leave the food bowls here when you’re done. I’ll clean them up later.” After instructing the three dwellers, Xu Ran, with three joyous little ones, headed towards the shop.

Seeing the backs of one man and three pets leaving, the Combat Furball gradually stopped eating, an envious and painful expression in its eyes.

It had close companions just like them. But one of them fell in that accident due to its impulsiveness. Would the other two ever forgive it again?

“Thank you, senior. I have signed it.” Xu Ran returned the delivery receipt to the King Level Beast Master in charge of delivery.

“Heh, no trouble.” The King Level Beast Master smiled, couldn’t help but take another look at Xu Ran.

Though the leader-level chart was nothing serious to him, he had heard about the commotion the young Beast Master, standing before him, caused on the Beast Trainer Ranking yesterday.

A Beast Master who could exchange such a large amount of Beast Master Points for resources at once must be exceptional. So even he wouldn’t display an overly arrogant attitude due to his own power.

“I’m leaving.” The King Level Beast Master turned to leave, glanced at the price menu on the wall, and twitched the corner of his mouth.

He really dares to charge…

“Have a safe journey, senior!” Watching the departure of the King Level Beast Master, Xu Ran turned back to look at the three little ones.

The three little ones were currently gathered around an open alloy box. The box was full of treasure light and the rich energy made the surrounding air become a bit thick.

Eight King-level resources combined, it was wealth that anyone would covet.

“Ok, take your respective resources.” Xu Ran gently reminded them, “Absorb as much as you can and increase your power as quickly as possible.”

“Meow!” (No problem!)

Heavy Purple Cloud nods heavily, holding three resources in his arms, laughing joyfully.

With these three king-level resources, it was confident that it could reach the Perfect Leadership Stage in a short time. Although it wouldn’t be easy to quickly increase the skills to the Full Moon Level without skill points, it could try!

And if it can successfully gain the corresponding three-star skill from these three resources, its power can rise a little more.

In this way, it isn’t a problem to improve its ranking and gain new rewards on the charts it had struck before!

“Xi Lu!” (I want to absorb the Fate Necklace as soon as possible!)

Star twirled the modest looking necklace on its neck, which was faintly suffused with mysterious power, a hopeful expression on its face.

After absorbing the Fate Necklace, it hoped to gain the so-called Fate Chain skill.

In this way…

Star glanced at Purple Cloud and remembered how it let Purple Cloud use the Full Moon Level King’s Power to speed up the growth of its own King’s Power every day, all at the cost of loo value points a day.

Purple Cloud still lacked an endurance skill, and after the Energy Abundant Potion runs out, the cost of training would be significant, right?

If it uses Fate Chain to swiftly replenish its power and drastically increase its training efficiency… wouldn’t it be fair to charge 200 value points per day?

“Charming!” (Beast Trainer Ranking, is just so much!)

Cancan shoved a brilliant golden scale into a crevice in its own shell, pretending it was its own scale, holding a rock in its arms that pulsated with thick earthy yellow halo, wearing a broad smile.

With these resources, how could it not rise in Beast Trainer Ranking?

In a while, it would overshadow the Wild Beast Chart with its achievements and nobody would even notice it!

Xu Ran sent the three little ones to the training area and returned to the storefront after tidying up their food bowls, opening the shop door a second time.

Several customers were already standing outside, waiting for the doors to open.

20% fame, that’s terrifying.

A bright and polite smile appeared on Xu Ran’s face, ready to welcome a particularly busy day.

“Welcome!”

“Is this the Starfire Foster Shop?”

A woman with high ponytail and phoenix eyes, exuding an aura that naturally kept people at a distance, stood in front of the Starfire Foster Shop. Looking at the bustling scene inside, a thought popped up in her eyes.

“Hiss-”

Accompanied by a slight hissing sound, a snake pet beast covered with colorful scales peeked out its head, rested on the woman’s cheek and gazed at the shop with its chilling eyes, tongue flickering.

“You want to give it a try?” The woman stroked the snake’s head. “No beast master in Xieyun City can solve your problem. At this point, we can only try our luck.”

“Let’s go.”

With that, the woman walked towards the Starfire Foster Shop.

The snake wriggled its body and followed closely behind.

As the pair entered the shop, the bustling atmosphere inside the shop momentarily stagnated. Looking at the infamous Snake Woman, Cai Han, and feeling her innate icy aura, many waiting customers quieted down.

“Welcome!” Xu Ran’s smile remained, as if he wasn’t affected by the other’s intimidating aura. “What can I do for you?”

Cai Han didn’t say a word. She looked around and fixed her gaze on the price menu.

The exorbitant prices at Starfire Foster Shop slightly raised her elegant eyebrows, after which, Cai Han looked at Xu Ran with a very serious gaze. “Oh… What’s wrong?”

Having been stared at by the icy beauty, Xu Ran started to feel uncomfortable. “Doesn’t seem like one who trades on one’s reputation,” Cai Han muttered in a voice only she could hear, “Maybe he really is capable; thus, the high prices.” “Huh? What did you just say?” Xu Ran blinked.

“Nothing.” Cai Han finally spoke to Xu Ran. “Can you tell me what’s wrong with my Jade Snake King?”

Was she referring to the snake pet beast around her?@@novelbin@@

Xu Ran turned to the snake around Cai Han and initiated the system identification.

[Race name: Jade Snake King

Property: Water-based

Growth stage: Leadership Stage

Body Type: Medium-size

Washing and Protection requirements: *****

Evaluation: Who would have thought there would a pet beast that looks better the dirtier it gets? But the accumulated dirt has seriously affected its health, it’s time for the host to use his skilled hands to clean it]

Huh?

Looking at the evaluation given by the system, Xu Ran showed a look of surprise.

Generally, being dirty refers to ugliness and uncleanliness.

Are there really pet beasts that look better when dirty?

Xu Ran couldn’t help but take another look at the Jade Snake King in front of him.

Its vibrant and colorful scales did indeed add a touch of brilliance. As the scales on its body were still smooth and colourful, without the system’s identification, he almost would have thought that this pet beast had no washing and protection requirements.

What’s the deal with this pet beast?