Chapter 328 - 198 Little Bunny, Watch Out! 2

Chapter 328: Chapter 198 Little Bunny, Watch Out! 2

Translator: 549690339???????? —

“Gulp-”

The Greedy Flame Wolf reluctantly shook its head.

It loved its current flames so much, that it couldn’t bear to extinguish them for even a second.

However, it still obeyed the Beast Master. It obediently extinguished its flames, allowing He Junlong to see every detail of its fur.

At that moment, a wave of gasps broke out from inside the shop.

He Junlong, who was closest to the Greedy Flame Wolf, resembled someone struck by thunder, his face full of surprise and bewilderment, “How is that possible?”

Originally, seeing such robust flames around the Greedy Flame Wolf, he thought that Xu Ran not only didn’t clean the wolf, but rather made it dirtier. But upon seeing the current condition of the Greedy Flame Wolf’s fur, He Junlong was completely stunned.

The fiery-red fur was densely packed all over the Greedy Flame Wolf’s body. Each strand was extremely smooth, clinging to its strong body. Moving slightly with its actions, under the light, the fur glowed, looking as if it had been waxed. @@novelbin@@

Whether it was ablaze or had its flames extinguished, the Greedy Flame Wolf’s condition was more dominant and handsome than anything He Junlong had ever seen before.

Such condition clearly indicated the excellent grooming it had undergone.

“You…” He Junlong turned to Xu Ran abruptly, intending to ask “How did you do it?” But he decided not to, thinking that even if he asked, Xu Ran wouldn’t answer.

He was a bit silent for a moment.

Providing his most difficult pet for grooming, he thought it would be easy to find faults, but now, he couldn’t find a single thing wrong with the Greedy Flame Wolf.

“Do you have any other pets that require cleaning and grooming?” Xu Ran asked with a smile, showing no surprise at He Junlong’s reaction.

“Yes!” He Junlong gritted his teeth, transported the Greedy Flame Wolf back to its previous summoning spot, and then let the Hexagram Star Array shine again.

Shortly, a brand-new pet beast appeared on the spot.

It was a pet beast with a particularly unusual form. It looked like a rustic armor swept up by a violent wind and assembled into a humanoid shape, its body empty, but two blue light points existed where the eyes should be.

“Next, groom it!” He Junlong pointed to the pet beast by his side, crossed his hands over his chest, and a triumphant smile appeared on his face.

This pet beast originally was an Energy Body Pet Beast, but after evolving, it obtained a partial physical form.

Although it did not resist grooming like the Greedy Flame Wolf, the grooming of this pet beast was not a simple task either for anyone skilled in grooming! Oh, right, one more thing.

“I see your shop allows the Beast Master to accompany during the grooming process,” He Junlong smirked. “This time, I want to accompany you!”

He refused to believe that he wouldn’t be able to find any faults while watching Xu Ran groom his pets right in front of his eyes!

“No problem.” Xu Ran nodded, then looked at the second pet beast He Junlong had summoned, with curious eyes.

He had never seen this type of pet beast before.

“Race name: Wind Commander.

Attribute: Wind attribute.

Growth stage: Leadership Stage.

Body Type: Medium.

Maintenance Need: ★ *★**.

Review: The rustic armor conceals a forgotten past, and beneath its empty body lies a soul longing for comfort!”

Xu Ran’s eyes couldn’t help but reveal a hint of surprise.

This was the first time he had seen such a system evaluation.

Interesting.

He Junlong s second pet beast was a wind attribute creature, completely different from the earlier fire attribute.

What exactly was the heritage of He’s Martial Arts Hall?

‘Come with me.” Xu Ran turned and walked towards the Grooming Room again. Although this Wind Commander seemed not simple, neither was he, Xu Ran. In the Grooming Room, there is nothing he couldn’t clean!

Except for Beast Master clients.

He Junlong, followed by the Wind Commander, quickly caught up, staring at

Xu Ran with a look full of fighting spirit.

This time, he must find Xu Ran’s prob…

The moment he stepped into the Grooming Room, He Junlong’s expression froze.

What is…

He quickly turned his head towards the suddenly open space around him, and then looked at Xu Ran with astonishment, “Space expansion technology?!” “No need to be so surprised.” Xu Ran calmly gestured for the Wind Leader to lay down on the grooming platform. “It’s just to make the grooming room more spacious.”

He Junlong:”…”

For some reason, he felt like he was being played by this guy.

Within the He’s Martial Arts Hall, there was a special training room that had been opened up using space expansion technology. It had consumed most of his father’s, the current headmaster of the He’s Martial Arts Hall, fortune. Therefore, he knew exactly how expensive such technology was.

He Junlong scoffed, sitting in the chair and watching Xu Ran get ready to groom.

He was now considering whether or not he could afford the damages if he vandalized this shop.

Unfazed by He Junlong’s gaze, Xu Ran’s eyes were solely focused on the Wind Leader that was obediently lying on the grooming platform.

It’s troublesome.

Very troublesome.

Grooming this pet beast was not a simple task.

This pet beast had some physical form, the armor and the light blue winds within it were all parts of its body.

It was not difficult to clean the outer layer of the armor, but regular grooming methods could not clean the inside because that part was completely connected to the Wind Leader’s body.

And unfortunately, that was the dirtiest area.

So…

Suddenly, Xu Ran’s hand held a transparent bag filled with tiny, jade white granules, each one polished to perfection, similar in size to small pebbles.

He opened a corner of the bag, tipped it towards the Wind Leader’s mask, and gently said, “Good boy, swallow it.”

“Crackle???? ”

The crisp sound echoed as Xu Ran poured the jade white granules into the

Wind Leader’s mask. The Wind Leader, subconsciously opening its mouth, swallowed them.

Vaguely, inside the light blue transparent body within the armor, countless jade white granules wrapped up by the turbulent winds created by the Wind Leader were like polishing sandpaper, quickly grinding down the inside of the armor, creating a slightly harsh “krr krr” sound.

“Whew—”

The corresponding bright spots for eyes on the Wind Leader’s mask flickered quickly, indicating its extreme discomfort.

The granules scraping the inner side of its armor spread a strange tickling sensation throughout its body, a feeling it has never experienced before. It felt uncomfortable and yet somewhat lost in it, hence the sobbing sound of the wind.

[Pleasure value from Wind Leader +25]

[Pleasure value from Wind Leader +25]

[From…]

“You…”

He Junlong abruptly stood up, ready to question Xu Ran about what he did to his pet beast, but Xu Ran interrupted him.

“This is a specially designed grooming sand, specifically created for the situation of the Wind Leader. It can completely clean the inside of its armor and will be expelled from its body later, not affecting its health.”

He Junlong grumbled and sat down, “You continue.”

Xu Ran nodded slightly, a touch of amusement in his eyes.

This guy is always looking for trouble.

His gaze towards the Wind Leader gradually softened.

Next…

It’s pleasure time.

Half an hour later, Xu Ran leisurely walked out of the grooming room, followed by the transformed Wind Leader and He Junlong with a frustrated expression for not finding anything to pick on.

As soon as they left the grooming room, the two of them and their pets immediately noticed the unusual atmosphere inside the shop.

Those from He’s Martial Arts Hall who were previously noisy and discussing loudly, were now standing respectfully as if they were Weka birds, their hands folded over their bellies, standing upright as if they were being trained.

In front of them stood a tall man with white hair, who emanated an unstoppable force, similar to a human-shaped wild beast, but was propped up on a cane.

If you looked closely, you could see that the cane appeared to be made from the bone of a Transcendent Being, concealing its own fierce power.

The man faced these apprentices with his back towards Xu Ran and He Junlong. However, He Junlong’s eyes widened in shock as soon as he saw him, and he let out a surprise exclamation.

“Grandpa?!”

Hearing the voice behind him, the man turned around to reveal his slightly aged but still majestic face, slowly raising his cane.

“You little brat, prepare to be disciplined!”