Chapter 321 - 195 Snake Woman Cai Han_L

Chapter 321: Chapter 195 Snake Woman Cai Han_l

Translator: 549690339 |

(let me think…)

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s question, Cancan showed a thoughtful expression.

Unlike Ziyun and Star’s certainty, Cancan was dazzled yesterday by the wide array of earth attribute resources. Moreover, she initially thought she would only get 15,000 Beast Master Points, so she hadn’t made a decision on how to choose the resources.

“If that’s the case, let me help you think.” Seeing Cancan’s indecisive little look, Xu Ran chuckled and opened the redeeming list of earth attribute resources.

One person and one pet, their heads huddled together, stared at the screen, and Ziyun and Star kept popping their heads trying to give their advice.

Soon, the master and the three pets determined the resources that Cancan needed.

There were two resources in total, one is called ‘Earthcore Marrow’, which required 30,000 Beast Master Points for exchange, and the other is ‘Glorious Gold Dragon Scale’, which required 50,000 Beast Master Points for exchange.

Earthcore Marrow is a naturally occurring King-level resource.

It harbors an extremely pure earth attribute power from the depths of the earth, and it gives excellent support to any earth attribute pet beast’s power enhancement. The three star skill that can be obtained from absorbing it is equally sophisticated, called ‘Earth-splitting’.

This is an earth attribute long-range attack skill, and unlike general attack skills, it isn’t instant or requires powering up, but a rarely seen delayed action skill.

Where there’s earth, Cancan can use this skill like a preset time bomb, leaving an energy point that can be detonated under her control.

As long as the energy point is within Cancan’s range, she can detonate it under her control. The size of the specific range depends on Cancan’s proficiency in the skill and her own power.

However, it should be noted that this energy point will gradually lose power over time after being used. If it is not detonated, it will naturally disappear as the energy is completely depleted.

So, the timing of the detonation should be noted.

Even with these shortcomings, it doesn’t hinder it from becoming a very important skill for Cancan.

With this skill, Cancan’s attack methods could become more diverse.

Imagine, after setting up the energy points in advance, Cancan stands among the beast swarm and taunts her opponents with the Dragon Turtle’s Power…

That scene would be simply cool beyond words.

Besides, the other resource, Glorious Gold Dragon Scale, is equally extraordinary.

Cancan originally noticed it because the first word of this resource shares the same name with her.

The facts proved that occasionally trusting first impressions and intuition is the right thing to do.

After reading the detailed annotations, Xu Ran confirmed that this resource is very suitable for her.

According to the introduction of this resource, it came from an earth attribute king-level dragon-like extraordinary being that almost evolved into the Emperor Species. To kill it, a Overlord Level Beast Master of Xieyun City was even dispatched.

And this dragon scale is not a normal dragon scale, it is a reverse scale left on the body of that dragon-like extraordinary being after the evolution failed.

Because of this, the value of this resource is slightly higher than common king-level resources, but the price is worth of its effect.

Apart from providing power enhancement for earth attribute pet beasts, the Glorious Gold Dragon Scale can also provide another kind of enhancement to dragon pet beasts, making their forms slightly change and become more perfect.

In addition, after absorbing it, Cancan will have an opportunity to gain a three-star skill called “True Dragon Reverse Scale”. In situations of being on the verge of death, powerless and extremely angry, it can burst out with extraordinary power without side effects, but this skill has a long cooling time.

If she can integrate this skill with the already strong three-star skill Dragon Turtle’s Power, there might even be other special effects.

In a nutshell, although this resource is expensive, it is basically tailor-made for Cancan.

“Let’s exchange for these.” Xu Ran quickly completed the exchange of these two resources, then looked at the three little ones who were excited to the point where they couldn’t wait to immediately get the resources and chuckled, “Although Xieyun City’s delivery service is very fast, it won’t come until tomorrow morning at the earliest.”

“Don’t worry, let’s get some sleep tonight.”

With that said, he assumed the pose of sitting cross-legged in deep meditation, slowly closing his eyes.

A second later, he opened his eyes again.

He had almost forgotten something important.

[Main Task 3: Out with the Old, in with the New

Task description: Please host to open a branch in a Second Level Town, and get local fame to reach 70% ( 20.1/70).

Rewards: System Clerk x3, System Upgrade Experience +400]

Fame has broken through 20%?

Xu Ran’s eyes lit up with delight, then he finally closed his eyes, at ease.

Meditation! Aim to break through the Fourth Stage contract power!

Watching Xu Ran quickly enter the state of deep meditation, the three little ones exchanged glances.

“Meow-” (Let’s sleep, we’ll need to work hard to become strong after getting the resources tomorrow.)@@novelbin@@

Ziyun yawned while stepping on Cancan’s scales, and then lightly jumped to lay next to Star who was kneeling on the ground. She flipped over comfortably with her belly up, two front paws hanging on her chest, neck highly lifted, forehead touching the ground, and fell asleep.

“Xi Lu~” (We should also sleep.)

Star lowered her voice and moved both her front hooves gently, making her belly stick to Ziyun a bit more. Then she slowly closed her eyes, like purple crystals, let her head droop slightly and soon started to snore softly.

“Hmm~” (Good night-)

Watching Ziyun and Star fall asleep one after the other, an excited Cancan who had a bit of difficulty sleeping helplessly shook her head. She moved her body to one side, retracted her four paws and tail into her shell. Burying her head on her own scales, she quickly fell asleep..