Chapter 323 - 196: The Pet Beast'S Beauty Dips After Washing And Protection?_L

Chapter 323: Chapter 196: The Pet Beast’s Beauty Dips After Washing and Protection?_l

Translator: 549690339

Although the system identification has already provided some information about the Jade Snake King, to solve the problem as requested by Cai Han, Xu Ran needs more detailed information.

“Could you tell me what kind of problem your pet beast is suffering from?” Xu Ran asked in a serious tone.

“Okay.” Cai Han nodded slightly, “After the Jade Snake King evolved, as time went by, its scales have gradually shown various colors.”

“I originally thought this was a good thing. I was happy seeing it getting better and more beautiful. But as time went by, the Jade Snake King began to show problems such as slower strength improvement, slower movements, and slower reaction speed. Only then did I realize something was wrong.”@@novelbin@@

“My Jade Snake King is like this today due to some accidents. This king species has never been recorded before in Xieyun City, so I have been to several foster shops, but they were not able to solve its problem.”

Speaking so much at once is unusual for the ice beauty Cai Han. She herself seemed to have been unaccustomed, and after she finished, she paused for a long while before asking Xu Ran, “So, do you have a solution?”

Xu Ran stroked his chin, examined the Jade Snake King, and then nodded, giving an affirmative answer, “Yes.”

Combined with the system’s evaluation and Cai Han’s narration, he had some speculation about the situation of the Jade Snake King.

If his guess is correct, those colored scales that visually improved the appearance of the Jade Snake King were actually the dirt on its body.

Although this sounded ridiculous, anything was possible in a world of supernatural beings.

“There are two more people ahead of you, you can go to the waiting room to rest for a moment.” After leaving a sentence, Xu Ran turned around and entered the grooming room to continue the washing and protection work for the pet beast that was paused midway.

Not until Xu Ran turned around and left, did Cai Han suddenly snap out of her daze.

A solution!

He said there is a solution!

In her icy eyes, a trace of nervous and expectant emotions emerged.

“Hiss-”

The Jade Snake King lowered its head and rubbed Cai Han’s cheek softly.

Compared to the excitement of its Beast Master, the Jade Snake King seemed relatively calm at the moment.

Having been with its Beast Master for so long, the Jade Snake King knew that under her icy exterior and aura, she had a soft heart. Many foster shops had previously assured that they could solve its problem, but they all ended in failure. Even so, every time when a solution was promised, Cai Han would always feel anxious and hopeful.

Through the third-stage Beast Taming Contract, the Jade Snake King could clearly perceive the feelings of its Beast Master, which stirred some feelings within it.

No matter what, it had chosen the right Beast Master.

Both girl and beast entered the nearby waiting room. About half an hour later, it was finally their turn.

“Sorry to keep you waiting.” Xu Ran walked up to them, “Follow me.”

“Okay.” Cai Han quickly followed, but when she saw where Xu Ran was going, she looked a little puzzled, “To the grooming room?”

“Yes.” Xu Ran nodded, “The situation of the Jade Snake King is not complicated. It just needs a grooming session. Once grooming is completed, its condition will naturally improve.”

“…Just grooming?” Even Cai Han couldn’t help but show some surprise on her face, “Is it really that simple?”

She had always thought that the problem with the Jade Snake King was due to some unexpected circumstances during its evolution, causing it to develop some special defects.

A grooming would solve it?

This seemed a bit hasty.

“Trust me.”

Xu Ran’s voice was still firm, which helped Cai Han understand.

The grooming fee for medium-sized pet beasts was nothing to her. It wouldn’t hurt to give it a try. If it didn’t work, then…

Looking at the suddenly enlarged and far more spacious interior of the grooming room compared to the outside world, Cai Han was first surprised, then her expression changed when she seemed to realize something.

She looked carefully at Xu Ran, not saying a word, but her trust in him grew a little deeper.

She had never seen anyone use the space expansion technology in such a way before.

But with such confidence, perhaps there was a chance?

“There’s a stool over there, feel free to sit down.” As Xu Ran spoke, he processed the vast knowledge that poured into his mind as soon as he entered the grooming room.

A moment later, he had a thorough understanding of the situation of the Jade Snake King.

So… that was what was going on?

Xu Ran’s expression was a bit strange as he turned and went to the preparation table to get all the items needed for grooming the Jade Snake King. Meanwhile, he abruptly asked, “Your Jade Snake King, was it a swimming snake in the bath before it evolved, right?”

“That’s right.” Cai Han looked at Xu Ran in surprise.

She hadn’t mentioned that.

There are not a few water attribute snake pet beasts. The fact that he could pinpoint the species of the Jade Snake King before its evolution showed that he knew something.

“Then it’s correct.” Xu Ran nodded, picked up a bucket of a lightly green bath dew with the fragrance of fresh vegetation, walked to the care platform where the Jade Snake King was located, took out a syringe to draw some bath dew, and then gently dropped it on the surface of its scales.

“Drip-drip     ”

“Sssssss  ”

A series of soft and crisp noises came from where the bath dew came into contact with the Jade Snake King’s scales. Countless tiny bubbles rose from the scales, burst, and brought out a colored smoke, as if they were being corroded by strong acid..