Chapter 327 - 198 Little Bunny, Watch Out!_L

Chapter 327: Chapter 198 Little Bunny, Watch Out!_l

Translator: 549690339

Looking at Flame Wolf’s expectant expression, Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction.

If the Pet Beast didn’t cooperate, the washing and protection process would be quite troublesome.

Discussing beforehand, encouraging the Pet Beast to cooperate, it’s a good thing for both, Xu Ran, who’s responsible for the care, and the Flame Wolf being cared for.

The words he spoke to Flame Wolf were not empty promises.

He indeed had a way to make Flame Wolf’s flames more vigorous after the grooming, not weaker.

It was just a matter of taking into account the principle of the Flame Wolf’s body engulfed in flames.

if Flame Wolf’s flames became more vigorous when there was fuel, then a special substance could be applied to the fur beneath Flame Wolf’s flames, which could serve a protective role and maintain combustion for a long time.

This approach, other foster shops would struggle to replicate, but Xu Ran with his special formula, could easily achieve it.

After adjusting the water temperature and preparing the bath dew, Xu Ran made a “please” gesture towards Flame Wolf.

“Growl!”

Human, you must keep your word!

Obsessed with its vigorous flames, Flame Wolf gave a reminder, then obediently lay down on the care platform, even voluntarily extinguishing its burning flames, revealing the dark red fur underneath.

Without the flame’s obstruction, Flame Wolf’s fur details became clearer, it hadn’t bathed in half a year, its fur was stuck together, the smell of grease mixed with muskiness hit Xu Ran.

Xu Ran couldn’t help but exhale a sigh, his face turning into a weird expression.

This level of filth was at least a four-star, why did the system assign three stars this time?

Was it because it had considered Flame Wolf’s special requirement of the outer flames?

Never mind, it doesn’t matter now.

Let’s start the clean-up!

Xu Ran evenly sprayed the prepared bath dew on Flame Wolf’s dark red fur, then used a fine-toothed comb to gently untangle the matted fur.

The colorless and transparent bath dew slid down the fur, joined up on the grooming platform, and turned grey-black.

Flame Wolf closed its eyes tightly, its body slightly trembling, under Xu Ran’s skilled and gentle touch, it showed an extremely comfortable expression.

Although it was always reluctant to be bathed, it had to admit, the feeling was quite delightful, and the human’s grooming method was better than any it had received before, it made Flame Wolf feel like it was floating on air.

[Pleasure value from Flame Wolf +20]

[Pleasure value from Flame Wolf +20]

[From…]

After initial combing and untangling the knots, Flame Wolf’s fur had changed from the previous dark red appearance, the color became more vivid, and the wet fur was visibly smoother after being combed, which was very pleasing to the eye.

This was just the beginning.

When the fragrant shampoo was sprinkled on Flame Wolf’s fur, Xu Ran began to gradually rub it on its massive body, with moderate strength reaching the deep roots of the fur, deeply cleaning each hair follicle.

Soon, a suppressed and slightly abnormal sound came from the grooming room.

“Growl—”

Hearing this slightly strange sound, the people laughing and talking inside the store fell silent.

One of the hefty men from the He’s Martial Arts Hall nudged He Junlong with his shoulder, “Dragon bro, this seems to be your Flame Wolf’s voice right?” “Impossible, absolutely impossible!” He Junlong without any second thought, quickly shook his head, “Flame Wolf hates grooming very much, it would never make such a strange noise because of grooming, it would be more likely to be angry!”

As his words fell, another weird noise came from the grooming room.

So, everyone couldn’t help but look at He Junlong with strange eyes.

“This…” He Junlong looked a bit confused.

He quickly used the Contractual Sensing to feel his pet’s status and found that his pet was really enjoying itself at the moment.

This shouldn’t be, right?

He Junlong opened his eyes wide, couldn’t help but look towards the direction of the grooming room.

Could it be that this guy, Xu Ran, know some kind of magic?

While everyone was waiting, the door of the grooming room quickly opened again.

“Roar-” @@novelbin@@

Before anyone could see the figure coming out of the grooming room, the roaring sound of flame burning vigorously came from within.

The next moment, He Junlong, who had been eagerly observing, suddenly opened his eyes wide.

Emerging before his eyes, following Xu Ran, was a giant beast bathed in scarlet flames.

Compared to the previous flames, the current ones became more vigorous after grooming instead of weakening.

Moreover, the previous flames were discolored due to different impurities, although it was burning vigorously.

At this moment, the burning flame was a perfect scarlet, even showing a hint of gold, making Flame Wolf, who was bathed in it, look extraordinarily majestic.

No!

Something is wrong!

He Junlong took a cold breath.

How did it turn out like this?

After grooming, Flame Wolf’s flames have increased even more?

Could there a problem with this guy’s grooming method?

“A Huo, put out your flames!” Considering some possibilities, He Junlong’s eyes flashed, signaling Flame Wolf to quickly extinguish the flames on its body..