Chapter 325 - 197 Visitor From He’S Martial Arts

Chapter 325: Chapter 197 Visitor from He’s Martial Arts

Halil

Translator: 549690339

“The skill of Water Extraction Drying is not difficult to teach.”

Within the training area, in front of the one person and their pet, Xu Ran speaks calmly.

If this had happened earlier, Cai Han would never have believed Xu Ran’s words.

The higher the skill star level, the more difficult it is to acquire through training, and there are even certain requirements for species and potential.

For example, the pet beasts of the leader species will almost never learn a three-star skill in an acquired manner.

The difficulty of mastering a three-star skill through training is extreme, and it is not unusual for a king species to struggle through ten or half a month of training to learn just one three-star skill.

How could teaching such a skill be simple?

But after witnessing Xu Ran effortlessly solve countless problems that had stumped many Beast Masters using mere Washing and Protection, and revitalize her Jade Snake King, Cai Han does not hesitate to believe what Xu Ran said at this moment.

“What should I do?”

She gently stroked the head of the Jade Snake King and spoke softly.

Knowing that this silly creature had become what it once was to avoid hurting her, she couldn’t help but feel a little more sympathy for this pet beast with which she had first formed a bond.

“The core of this skill is a deeper understanding and control of water power.” Xu Ran’s voice paused for a moment, “Because the control of water power becomes stronger, it can extract moisture from the air.”

“So, to learn it, the Jade Snake King needs to improve its control of water power, and try to manipulate water from a distance.”

Hearing this, Cai Han nods continuously.

Indeed, the person who easily solved the problems of the Jade Snake King’s body also directly uncovers the truth when assessing the skill.

“So, what do we need to do?” Cai Han continued to ask.

“What we have to do is play a game called ‘Big Ball Eats Little Ball’.” Xu Ran smiled slightly, “Wait for me a moment.”

Play a game?

Cai Han raised her eyebrows slightly.

What kind of game can get the Jade Snake King to learn a new three-star skill?

She had met many skilled sparring trainers before. Each of them had their unique skills, and some had unique insights on certain skills, enabling pet beasts to train in a more efficient way.

But using a game for training… was a bit too special.

Big Ball Eats Little Ball…

A look of curiosity appeared in Cai Han’s eyes.

What kind of game is this?

Cai Han’s doubt didn’t last long. Very soon, Xu Ran, who had taken out the training equipment from the training equipment room, came up to her and her pet beast.

It was a training device that looked like a super large game machine, but the screen of the game machine was replaced by a colorless transparent glass.

Inside the glass, there were water droplets of various sizes. These droplets did not drop, but instead were controlled by the device to move irregularly.

“This one is yours.” Xu Ran pointed to a small recess in the lower left corner of the glass screen. Inside the recess was a droplet of water that hadn’t completely formed yet. “Use your water power to control it.”

“Hiss-”

Even though it didn’t know how to do the training yet, there was a look of interest in the eyes of the Jade Snake King. The light blue halo flowed between its green scales, and soon the droplet of water was formed under the control of the Jade Snake King.

“Next, control this droplet of water and touch other droplets of water.” Xu Ran’s voice paused and then started explaining the rules, “Note, you can only touch droplets smaller than yours.”

“After touching, your water droplet will engulf them and become bigger.”

“But at the same time, you need to avoid droplets bigger than yours as much as possible. Otherwise, your droplet will be engulfed by them, and the game will have to start over.”

“Hiss-”

The Jade Snake King slightly moved its head to indicate that it had understood, showing a look of eagerness to try.

Even Cai Han, who was standing nearby, found the game quite interesting after listening to Xu Ran’s rules.

“Then let’s… begin.” Clapping his hands, Xu Ran pointed to the game machine in front of him…oh no, the training equipment, signaling the Jade Snake King to start its show.

“Hiss-”

Confidence glowed in the eyes of the Jade Snake King. @@novelbin@@

As a pet beast of the water species, king variety, its control over water was almost innate, such a simple and understandable little game was simply…

The next moment, looking at its own engulfed water droplet, the Jade Snake King had a doubtful expression on its face.

Huh?

Why did it lose so quickly?

After the game started, before it had time to react, it was squeezed between two bigger water droplets and was swallowed without any way to retreat.

No good! Let’s do it again!

The Jade Snake King was in a hurry.

It was the king of the water species…

Seeing itself being engulfed after only managing to touch two smaller droplets again, the Jade Snake King was silent.

Standing next to it, Xu Ran observes the Jade Snake King’s experiences of the game twice and couldn’t resist touching his chin.

It seemed this training equipment was not very user-friendly.

It was most exciting if it displayed an expression like “The Big Water Droplet consumed your brain,” or a bright red “Death” each time a water droplet was swallowed.

After watching a few more times and observing the Jade Snake King gradually discern a pattern after several failures, Xu Ran turned his head and said to Cai Han, “Alright, now you accompany the Jade Snake King in training.”

“When it completes this game and swallows all the water droplets, it will have mastered the Water Extraction Drying skill..”