Chapter 326 - 197 Visitor From He’S Martial Arts

Chapter 326: Chapter 197 Visitor from He’s Martial Arts

Hall_2

Translator: 549690339

After speaking, Xu Ran waved his hand dismissively and turned to leave the training area.

This…

Watching Xu Ran’s departing figure, Cai Han fell silent.

So, the training partner was himself?

However…

Looking at the slightly red-eyed Jade Snake King making a comeback, Cai Han couldn’t help but speak out, “To the right, to the right! You died the last time because you went left! Swallow that green droplet!”

“… Hiss?”

“It’s a pity it’s not a General level pet beast, otherwise you could earn quite a few Beast Master Points for training it once.” Walking in the underground tunnel, Xu Ran sighed, “But with the shop’s reputation getting better and better, General level beasts will start coming soon, right?”

Thinking of this, Xu Ran felt even more motivated.

If more General level or even King Level Beast Masters visit the shop, the Beast Master Points he could earn in a day might reach tens of thousands.

Pushing the back door open and stepping into the shop, Xu Ran’s face was filled with an expectant smile.

But this smile quickly stiffened.

Because he was stunned to find that his shop was packed with a group of muscular men who had just gone down for a little while.

“What is this…?’

1

Xu Ran asked, seeing the other customers huddled in the corner like bullied weaklings due to these muscular men.

“We are from He’s Martial Arts Hall, here to patronize your shop!” A muscular man quickly stepped forward, crossing his arms and looking at Xu Ran, “I have to say, your shop’s business is great and the prices are high too.”

“But we from He’s Martial Arts Hall aren’t short on money!” The muscular man waved his hand, “Everyone, start with a round of grooming! It’s on me!”

“Thank you, Young Master He!” All the muscular men shouted in unison, their powerful voices merging to make the shop tremble slightly.

“So…” Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly, looking at the familiar muscular man in front of him, “He Junlong, right? Thanks for supporting the business, but with so many people, we might not finish grooming today.” @@novelbin@@

“No problem! If we can’t finish today, we’ll continue tomorrow!” He Junlong’s hands, clasped in front of his chest, tightened, revealing ‘crisp’ sounds, a glint in his eyes, “But I’ll say this upfront, if the grooming is not good and doesn’t satisfy us…”

“Crisp, crisp-”

Behind him, a group of men from He’s Martial Arts Hall made the same gesture and the sound of bone cracking filled the air.

Xu Ran was silent for a moment before responding with a dumbfounded expression.

He thought these guys were here to wreck his shop, but is that all they want?

“Alright.” Xu Ran chuckled, “Who’s first?”

“Huh?”

He Junlong’s gaze was slightly frozen.

Is he this confident?

He truly had no good intentions that day, as the annoying person in front of him was using the ridiculous name “Starfire Foster Care Shop”, to step on the honor of his own Martial Arts Hall and rank on top of the personal Power Listing, even surpassing him in the comprehensive Power Listing.

This guy needed a lesson.

So, after the morning training in the martial arts hall was over, he brought his apprentices here.

Seeing the pricing of Starfire Foster Care Shop, he wasn’t angry; in fact, he was even happier as it was the perfect excuse to pick on him.

With services priced two to three times higher than other foster shops, having higher demands makes sense, right?

It’s the perfect opportunity to nitpick, to find a reason to smash this guy’s shop!

However, facing his provocation, this guy is still so calm.

Does he truly have the abilities, or is he just dumb?

He Junlong gave Xu Ran a deep look, “Then let’s start with me!”

As his words fell, the Hexagram Star Array flickered and unfolded behind him, a seven-meter-long beast that resembled a wolf, shaped like a lion, has two horns on its head, four hooves, and a body that was burning with red flames emerged from the storm.

As soon as it appeared, the store was filled with a rolling heat wave, the temperature rose quickly by several degrees, and bystanders backed away.

“Grr ”

Releasing a shrill and strange roar, the beast looked around and then turned its gaze towards Xu Ran, giving off an oppressive pressure.

Seeing the beast in front of him, Xu Ran’s gaze held a touch of surprise.

When he thought of Martial Arts Halls, he thought of the Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion in Qingzhou City.

The Bamboo Leaf Martial Arts Pavilion employs martial arts in conjunction with Fighting Attribute pet beasts for combat, leading him to mistakenly believe that all Martial Arts Halls operate in the same manner with their contracted pet beasts all being fighting Attribute pet beasts.

Unexpectedly, He Junlong’s pet beast turned out to be of the Fire Attribute.

He wiped the sweat bead on his forehead and casually activated the System Identification.

[Race name: Flame Wolf Sovereign

Attribute: Fire Attribute

Growth stage: Leadership Stage

Body Type: Large

Maintenance Need: ★★★*☆

Review: A wolf that is on fire, the host needs to quickly use their dexterous hands to give this little burning creature a thorough cleaning and care, make it feel comfortable!]

Little burning creature…

There was a slight twitch at the corner of Xu Ran’s mouth.

Whether the Greedy Flame Wolf was burning or not, he had no idea, but the System was certainly getting sassy.

“Follow me in.” Xu Ran waved his hand at the Greedy Flame Wolf and then turned to enter the grooming room.

“Growl-”

The face of the Greedy Flame Wolf was full of reluctance, as it hesitated to move forward from its original position.

“Off you go, go get groomed!” He Junlong showed an unsurprised expression, giving a kick to the hind legs of the Greedy Flame Wolf, signaling it to follow quickly.

Under the urging of the Beast Master, the Greedy Flame Wolf finally lagged behind and followed Xu Ran into the grooming room.

Watching the fading figures of the man and his pet, a triumphant smile emerged on He Junlong’s face.

Choosing the Greedy Flame Wolffrom the three pet beasts, he naturally had his own intentions.

This pet beast was the most resistant to grooming among the three.

The Greedy Flame Wolf resists grooming, not because Fire attributes dislike water, but for deeper reasons.

Unlike other Transcendent Beings, the flames on the body of the Greedy Flame Wolf continuously burn off all the dirt on its body.

And the filth that could exist on the Greedy Flame Wolf has a very burn-resistant characteristic.

So, the dirtier the Greedy Flame Wolf, the more vigorous its flames would be.

And this vigorous flame made the Greedy Flame Wolf feel stronger, making it very happy.

It didn’t want its flames to diminish after cleaning, so it utterly resisted grooming.

Grooming such a pet beast, He Junlong just wanted to be picky, it couldn’t be easier.

This guy, his name is Xu Ran, right?

Today, his own shop will be smashed! No one can save it!

“Growl-”

Looking at the spotlessly clean interior of the grooming room and the firmly closed door behind him, the Greedy Flame Wolf’s face was filled with gloom.

It had not been groomed for almost half a year. Only then did it accumulate such dirt on its body, making its flames so vigorous.

Even some of its own secretions have been burning from half a year ago and have not been completely incinerated yet.

Gathering all this dirt on its body, was it easy for it?

If it was just cleaned, the Greedy Flame Wolf really couldn’t bear it.

“It looks like you don’t really like grooming?”

Looking at the Greedy Flame Wolf’s reluctance, Xu Ran casually joked, and then began to receive the corresponding knowledge from the System.

After receiving it, the smile on Xu Ran’s face stiffened a little.

To some extent, the Greedy Flame Wolf really shouldn’t like grooming.

Pulling out such a pet beast for him to groom, It seems that guy He Junlong harbors some deep resentment towards him, huh?

But…

Just like this, it will not stump him.

Xu Ran turned his head to look at the Greedy Flame Wolf next to him and showed a mysterious smile, “Do you want to have even more vigorous flames?” The reluctant expression on the Greedy Flame Wolf’s face paused for a moment, its ears twitching as if it found the suggestion somewhat unbelievable.

“Growl?”

Become more vigorous?

“Of course, it’s actually very simple.” Xu Ran quickly gave a positive response.

“Growl!”

It wanted that!

The Greedy Flame Wolf nodded heavily, its eyes full of anticipation.

The amount of flame around its body, for its race, is just like the beautiful tail feathers of a male peacock, it’s a symbol of showing off its strength.

If it could make its own flames become more vigorous and make itself look more intimidating, let alone grooming, it would even brave climbing a mountain of knives or entering a sea of fire!