Chapter 324 - 196: The Pet Beast'S Beauty Dips

Chapter 324: Chapter 196: The Pet Beast’s Beauty Dips

After Washing and Protection?_2

Translator: 549690339 ,

Having prepared in advance, Xu Ran casually took out a vacuum cleaner, suctioning away the colored smoke, then continued to drip the liquid onto other parts of the body.@@novelbin@@

“Hiss—”

The jade Snake King, which had closed its eyes and was peacefully awaiting its grooming, suddenly opened them wide. It extended its tongue, emitting a faint hissing sound with a slight tremor.

What’s happening?!

In its perception, as the bath dew fell, a feeling of being scorched by flames traveled from its scales into its body, causing intense discomfort.

But following that discomfort was a strange sense of relief and relaxation, indescribable in words. The spot that had previously felt as if it were on fire then began transmitting an electrifying, tingling sensation, causing it to momentarily experience the joy of a newfound taste.

Its body couldn’t help but twitch slightly from the continuous sensation of burning heat and electric-like tingles. Its previously straight tail curled up swiftly, while the rest of its body slowly tensed up.

[Pleasure Value from Jade Snake King +30]

[Pleasure Value from Jade Snake King +30]

[From…]

Seeing the continuous prompts of pleasure points, Xu Ran chuckled.

As expected of the five-star washing and protection requirement, the pleasure value is really high.

“This…” Cai Han, who had been standing by and observing, was growing more

and more astonished.

Though she was surprised at the Jade Snake King’s reaction, what surprised her even more was the effect of the grooming.

From where she was sitting, she had just enough view to see the area where Xu

Ran had first dropped the bath dew.

That area, which had been producing bubbles and colored smoke continuously, had changed from its previous dazzling colors to a translucent, clear jade-green color!

That’s…

A look of joy emerged in Cai Han’s eyes.

That was the original color of the Jade Snake King’s scales after evolving!

It really turned back!

With the scales’ color turning back, Cai Han had no doubt left that Xu Ran would be able to solve the other problems of the Jade Snake King.

This time, she had finally found someone who could truly help the Jade Snake

King!

Time ticked away, and soon enough Xu Ran, who had covered the entire body of the jade Snake King in bath dew, took out a cotton brush and cleaned all the dew off.

Now completely transformed, the Jade Snake King, its body adorned with jade-green scales, appeared before Cai Han’s eyes.

After methodically finishing the subsequent maintenance work, Xu Ran patted

the Jade Snake King’s body, “Okay, we’re done.

Before Xu Ran’s hand could move away, the Jade Snake King quickly wrapped its slender tail around his arm. It squirmed anxiously, giving Xu Ran a somewhat hazy look as if trying to remember this human, then slowly untwined its tail.

“Thank you…” Cai Han looked at Xu Ran with somewhat complex emotions, -May I ask, will your shop always stay here? If the Jade Snake King has similar issues in the future, I might need your help again.”

-Unless something unexpected happens, this shop will always be open.” Xu Ran paused, an odd look in his eyes, “But the Jade Snake King’s problems aren t big. As long as you’re a bit careful, similar issues shouldn’t appear in the future.” “Hmm?” An expression of surprise flashed in Cai Han’s eyes, “You said… the issues aren’t big?”

“That’s right” Xu Ran nodded, “The Race called Swimming Bath Snake constantly secretes pure water condensed from water attribute energy from its scales, always appearing as though it just came out of a bath, hence its Race name.”

■’I see.” Cai Han nodded, “But after evolving into the Jade Snake King, it has not had such a problem.”

“Not that it doesn’t happen, but it’s restraining itself.” Xu Ran glanced at the

Jade Snake King, “I think, it’s never told you about this, has it?”

“Eh?” Cai Han looked at her long-contracted Pet Beast in surprise.

How could this be…

Then, she looked into the Jade Snake King’s eyes, and her heart gave a violent

jolt.

It’s true!

Being incredibly familiar with the Jade Snake King, she could understand its

thoughts just with a gaze.

It was indeed, concealing something from her!

-Why are you restraining yourself?” Cai Han gently asked, one hand stroking the Jade Snake King’s head.

“Because of the strong toxin.” Before the Jade Snake King could respond, Xu Ran had already given the answer,”The Water Snake originally is a pure Water Attribute Pet Beast, but after evolving into the Jade Snake King, its water power changed a bit, each of its attacks now contain a strong toxin.” “…Yes,” Cai Han couldn’t help but think about the process of the Water Snake’s evolution.

initially, she had made extensive preparations for the Water Snake’s evolution, even spent a lot at buying some secret information about the king species evolved from Water Snake for its smooth evolution.

However, in an accident, the Water Snake mistakenly ate a resource containing potent poison. It was weak at the time and was on the verge of death, in her desperation, Cai Han chose to let the Water Snake evolve in this life-or-death situation.

Unexpectedly, the evolution was successful, and the poison was gone, but the Water Snake transformed into a completely new form – the Jade Snake King. From then on, all its attacks carry a strong poison, posing a great threat to its opponents and significantly enhancing Cai Han’s overall combat power. In the Beast Master Overall Power Ranking, the Jade Snake King contributed a lot to her high ranking.

“The evolved Jade Snake King retains its original traits. It secretes water condensed from its water power through its scales, but its water power has changed, and the water it secretes contains strong toxins.” “Such potent toxins could significantly impact people and other pet beasts nearby, so the Jade Snake King chooses to restrain its instinct and not secrete water containing toxins.”

■■However…” Xu Ran’s voice slightly paused, “This action causes the toxin to accumulate under its scales, causing the scales to become colorful.” “Although the toxin is the Jade Snake King’s own and won’t poison it, the accumulation over a long period will still damage its body, which refers to the problems you pointed out earlier.”

“Colorful scales are indeed more attractive, but the purpose of Washing and Protection is not just to make the pet beasts look better, but also to adjust their physical and mental states.” Xu Ran looked a little emotional as he said this. Admittedly, this Washing and Protection session gave him a deeper understanding of it.

“I see.” Cai Han’s expression became complex. She gently stroked the Jade Snake King’s head and then softly opened her mouth, “If you say the problem isn’t so serious, there should be a way to solve it, right?

-Of course.” Xu Ran smiled. “It’s better to dredge than block. The solution is naturally to let it secrete the liquid containing strong toxins normally.”

“Ssss!!!!!”

The jade Snake King’s pupils instantly turned icy cold. It spat its forked tongue at Xu Ran, the aura of its Leadership Stage exploding.

Obviously, it didn’t appreciate Xu Ran’s suggestion, nor did it want its own Beast Master to follow it.

The toxins it would secrete would inevitably have serious effects on its Beast Master whom it was always with, and this was something it didn’t want to see. -Don’t worry.” Xu Ran chuckled. “I haven’t finished talking yet.” “Among the water-attribute skills, there’s a Three-Star Skill that can be mastered through training and learning called ‘Water Extraction Drying’. I’m not sure if you’ve heard of it.”

-You’re referring to…” A hint of thoughtfulness appeared in Cai Han’s eyes, “That skill that can dehydrate the opponent?”

“Exactly, that’s the one.” Xu Ran nodded, “It’s said that when that skill is enhanced to its limit, it can dehydrate a flesh-and-blood body into a dried corpse in an instant, causing the opponent to die immediately.” “TO solve the Jade Snake King’s problem, the Stardust Level Water Extraction Drying is enough.”

-With this skill, the Jade Snake King can separate the strong toxin from the water, solving not only the problem of the toxin but also gaining a new attack method.”

As Xu Ran said this, his voice paused slightly, his smile growing brighter, “If you want to learn the skill, I recommend trying our shop’s Accompanying Training Service.”

If it weren’t for attracting business, Xu Ran wouldn’t have talked so much..