Chapter 320 - 194 Points Received, Exchange For

Chapter 320: Chapter 194 Points Received, Exchange for

New Resources!_2

Translator: 549690339

As a king-level resource, when absorbed, pet beasts have a relatively high probability of comprehending a three-star skill called Crimson Gold Electroplating.

Previously, Ziyun acquired a skill called Scarlet Battle Intent, which could enhance itself while also boosting fighting skills.

Crimson Gold Electroplating has a similar effect, but the boost is applied to thunder attribute skills.

By using Crimson Gold Electroplating, Ziyun’s thunderforce will temporarily become golden, carrying the immense power of golden thunderbolts, while also enhancing itself. The downside of this skill is that it considerably increases the consumption of thunder attribute skills.

If Ziyun manages to comprehend this three-star skill through the Golden Thunder Crystal, it could potentially fuse with the Scarlet Battle Intent in the future, however…

“Were you previously planning to fuse Scarlet Battle Intent with the Fighting Body?” Xu Ran looked at Ziyun and couldn’t help but ask, “Isn’t there a bit of conflict?”

“Meow-” (No conflict, no conflict at all!)

Ziyun shook its head vigorously and a confident look appeared on its face.

As a saying goes, plans can’t keep up with changes. After viewing the exchange list, it came up with better ideas.

It would be somewhat wasteful to fuse Scarlet Battle Intent with the Fighting Body. It could simply fuse it with other skills to create a purely burst-oriented four-star skill!

The overlapping side effects may even counteract each other!

As for the problem of lacking one skill that was supposed to be fused with the Fighting Body, the second resource it chose to exchange could just solve it.

“Meow-” (Check out the Super-Optoconduct Stone!)

Ziyun urged Xu Ran.

“Alright.”

Xu Ran nodded and soon found it among the king-level resources of the fighting attribute.

Super-Optoconduct Stone, exchange price 35,000 Beast Master points.

The power of the fighting attribute comes from within oneself. The stone enhances this process, allowing pet beasts to better master their own power, and therefore drastically boosting the strength of the fighting power.

More importantly, by absorbing this resource, there’s a high chance of acquiring a three-star fighting attribute skill known as Super Phase Field.

The usefulness of this skill is immense.

Traditional fighting attribute skills are mostly close-combat skills. Super Phase Field uses one’s own fighting force to form a field within a certain range, achieving remote control of fighting attribute skills.

Within the field, all fighting attribute skills can undergo certain changes, changing from close-combat to long-range.

For instance, Ziyun’s Fighting Body can have an effect similar to reaching across mountains to milk a cow within the Super Phase Field.

By replacing Scarlet Battle Intent with this skill and fusing it with the Fighting Body to ultimately upgrade it to a four-star skill, the resultant effects would be dramatically different.

In a nutshell, the future looks promising.

“Not bad, both resources you chose are excellent.” Xu Ran patted Ziyun’s head in satisfaction and then opened up the third resource Ziyun wanted to exchange.

Piercing Thunder Bone Needle, exchange requires 20,000 Beast Master points.

A Kings-level resource, it’s the cheapest among the three resources chosen by Ziyun. As you get what you pay for, its effects are relatively inferior.

Beyond the regular boost in power upon absorption, you can also have a fair chance of acquiring a Thunder attribute three-star skill called Puncture Thunder Spear.

This is a ranged output skill, which seems to be mergeable with Falling Thunder.

However, Ziyun’s Falling Thunder has not fused with any skills since its awakening after evolution and is still at two stars. Before fusing it with a three-star skill, it’s best to find a way to upgrade Falling Thunder to three stars.

“Alright, Ziyun’s three resources have been exchanged.” Xu Ran looked at Star and Cancan next to him, “Have you two decided what resources to exchange for?”

“Xi Lu-” (I want to exchange for Meteorite Fragment, Late Night Echo Snail, and Fate Necklace!)

“Let me see…” Xu Ran checked out these three resources one by one. Soon, a surprised look appeared on his face again, “You guys are so good at choosing, it made me feel superfluous as a Beast Master.”

Meteorite Fragment, exchange requires 30,000 Beast Master points.

This resource is said to be a piece of an extraterrestrial meteorite that broke off after falling. It can release a strange extraterrestrial power, leaning towards the dark attribute, but its actual attribute is more complex.

It fits well with Star’s condition. Absorbing this resource may even yield better results than it would for ordinary dark attribute pet beasts.

Moreover, the three-star skill, Star Falling Power, that can be perceived after absorbing this resource, is also quite interesting.

This skill has a similar effect to Heart of Eternal Night, as it can attract power from beyond the heavens and provide a comprehensive boost.@@novelbin@@

Being a boosting skill, it can be fused into Heart of Eternal Night in the future.

Late Night Echo Snail, exchange requires 40,000 Beast Master points.

This resource is also quite interesting.

This is a naturally formed, conch-shaped resource that can retain the power of deep night. After a dark attribute pet beast absorbs it, there’s a chance of comprehending a skill called Late Night Echo.

A three-star skill, Late Night Echo. After executing this skill, all dark attribute skills released by the dark attribute pet beast will be amplified and a residual echo effect will be added.

This effect can prolong the duration of dark attribute skills on the target, transitioning from the instant disappearance to a slow decay until it finally fades away.

If it’s a dark attribute attacking skill, instead of ending after hitting the opponent, under the boost of Late Night Echo, it can continue to inflict damage on the enemy over a period of time.

Moreover, this skill can be used on dark attribute boosting skills as well.

With it, the boosting effect of the Night Rune could be elevated even more.

The two resources that Star chose, and the skills gained, can both be adapted to Heart of Eternal Night and are perfect for skill fusion. This is clearly not a coincidence, but an intentional choice by it.

As for the last resource, the Fate Necklace.

Exchanging for it also requires 30,000 Beast Master points.

This is an attribute-less special resource. Pet beasts of any attribute can absorb it to enhance themselves, however, due to the need for attribute conversion, there will be some discounted absorption of power.

This is similar to attribute-less energy blocks and attributed energy blocks.

Despite these circumstances, its exchange value is still 30,000 Beast Master points because absorbing the Fate Necklace can yield a very unique skill.

A attribute-less three-star skill, Fate Link.

This skill can establish a link between the user and multiple other targets. Once linked, the user can continuously feed their power to the linked targets, or draw power from them.

This link can be easily broken when resisted, hence it can’t be used against enemies. But for linking among teammates, it’s very effective.

After learning of this skill’s effects, Xu Ran couldn’t help but turn to look at Ziyun.

Among the three little ones, only Ziyun doesn’t have any sustained skills. It’s clear whom this skill is for without a second word.

After acquiring this skill, Star will be able to transfer its power to Ziyun and can also draw power from Cancan to deliver to Ziyun.

With two of them acting as support and one dealing the main attacks, this is an invincible logistical formation.

Besides, this skill seems very compatible with Fated Star Pulling for fusion.

“Let’s go ahead with these exchanges!” Xu Ran made a grand gesture and instantly 100,000 Beast Master points were deducted.. “What about Cancan?”