Chapter 329 - 199 - Open-Minded Grandfather

Chapter 329: Chapter 199 – Open-minded Grandfather

He_l

Translator: 549690339

“Crack??? ”

“Smack??? ”

“Ah ”

Accompanied by a series of crisp sounds and continuous screams, the helpless He Junlong soon had more than a few marks from a beating adorn his face and body. The sight was too horrifying to bear.

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly, but he had no intention of stepping forward to intervene. After all, it was a grandfather punishing his grandson, it was not his place to interfere.

Furthermore… seeing the cane being wielded with such force as if it could easily shatter rocks, he did not want to step forward and invite humiliation.

Before long, under the trembling gaze of the disciples of He’s Martial Arts Hall, Old Master He leisurely withdrew his cane, looked at He Junlong standing obediently in front of him and grunted heavily.

“Ridiculous!”

Despite his aged appearance, Grandfather He’s voice was still full of strength. Only with his voice echoing within the shop, the whole shop trembled.

Even without summoning his Pet Beast, one could tell from this alone, that Grandfather He’s Beast Master Rank was definitely not low.

Hearing his slightly angry voice, whether it was He Junlong, who had been battered or the other disciples of He’s Martial Arts Hall who had been left in fright, all of them collectively shrunk back in fear.

“As a junior hall master, leading a group of disciples and apprentices to cause trouble in someone else’s shop, what kind of behaviour is this?” Grandfather He struck the ground twice with his cane, sending out muffled “thud thud” sounds, “This is the behaviour of a hooligan!”

“Grandfather, I…” Hearing Grandfather He’s words, He Junlong had difficulty keeping face, “I was just…”

“Just what?” He grunted, “The small achievement I had at the Leadership Level, if it is gone, then it is gone. Has our Martial Arts Pavilion always relied on it?”

“Causing trouble for others over such a small matter, tarnishing the reputation of our Martial Arts Pavilion, this is the true foolishness!”

“…Yes, I was wrong, Grandfather.” He Junlong’s face turned from pale to blue, quietly admitting his mistake.

Seeing that his grandson admitted his mistake, Grandfather He’s face softened slightly. He turned to Xu Ran, striding over with the help of his cane.

Xu Ran’s face slightly tensed up.

He had seen the ferocity of this old man clearly just now.

And from He Junlong calling him ‘grandfather’, he could guess his identity.

It was He Hongtu, who had topped the individual power ranking for Leadership Level Beast Masters for decades before Xu Ran came along.

The man standing before him had long surpassed his initial strength.

He could be at the General Level, or possibly even King Level.

If he were to get a beating from him too…

Just as Xu Ran was feeling slightly apprehensive, He Hongtu who was standing in front of him looked at him carefully and then suddenly chuckled.

“Ha ha ha… Good!”

He patted Xu Ran on the shoulder, “Such a promising young man, you are the one who surpassed my achievements at the Leadership Level?”

Xu Ran was taken aback, then instantly felt a great relief.

It seemed that this old man was not looking for a quarrel with him.

“Hello senior, I am feeling…” Xu Ran displayed a polite smile, just as he was about to say something, He Hongtu waved his hands to interrupt him.

“What is there to feel inferior about?” He Hongtu’s face held a playful smile, “When I was young, I was unbeatable among Beast Masters of the same stage; I was even prouder than you are now.”

“You are young, you ought to be spirited! With your abilities, you should be confident!” He hmmphed and smiled, “I heard that you use a blade?”

“Kind of.” Xu Ran looked at He Hongtu with a hint of surprise.

He didn’t expect that Grandfather He would turn out to be such an open-minded and amicable old man.

“Using a blade is good. A blade, it’s unstoppable.” He Hongtu’s face held a hint of nostalgia, “When I was young, I met a master of the blade, who even gave me some pointers. But that master has since disappeared.” @@novelbin@@

“When you are free, you can come and visit our Martial Arts Pavilion!” He Hongtu patted Xu Ran on the shoulder, admiration clear on his face.

“Thank you for your generous compliments, Grandfather He. I’ll make sure to visit when I get the chance.” Xu Ran responded courteously.

He Hongtu nodded in agreement, then turned to his well-behaved disciples, and grunted, “If you are here for Washing and Protection, do it properly; if anyone dares to exploit our Martial Arts Hall’s prestige to bully others, the house rules will show no mercy!”

Upon hearing He Hongtu mention house rules, fear flickers in the eyes of the disciples, it seemed that the house rules were incredibly strict.

“Also, you lads are all tall and burly, why are you all crowding in here? Don’t you know that you’re interrupting business!”

“Get out and line up, and while you’re at it, help maintain some order!”

“If anyone causes trouble, I will hold you accountable!”

With Grandfather He’s words echoing, the disciples of the Martial Arts Hall scampered out of the foster shop like a flock of scared birds, then obediently lined up outside the foster shop waiting for their turn.

Watching the scene, Xu Ran’s face grew peculiar.

Originally, he felt a bit of regret. Although Grandfather He’s appearance saved him some trouble, chasing away the disciples of the Martial Arts Hall would also mean losing quite a few customers.

There were bound to be some formidable Beast Masters among them, and he might have been able to acquire some good skills from them.

But who would have thought, Grandfather He’s move not only disciplined these disciples, it also made them obediently line up waiting for their turn at Washing and Protection…

Seeing the disciples all collectively behaving well, Grandfather He nodded satisfactorily, picked up He Junlong as if he were a little chick with one hand, held his cane with the other and strode off majestically. He soon left the foster shop..