Chapter 333 - 201: You’Re So Rich, Why Do You Have To Compete With Us For Business?!_2

Chapter 333: Chapter 201: You’re so rich, why do you have to compete with us for business?!_2

Translator: 549690339

The Emperor Foster Shop was likewise extraordinary; it was the only foster shop in Xieyun City where one could entrust pet beasts of the Overlord and Emperor stages.

On this point, it even surpassed the current Starfire Foster Care Shop.

It was said that the shopkeepers of these two stores had a rather good relationship. Together, they monopolized almost all the top-tier Beast Masters in Xieyun City, making them the top-notch players in the fosterage industry of Xieyun City.

Did he truly just dispatch these two individuals like that?

“Hiss—”

Xu Ran couldn’t help but stroke his chin, suddenly feeling a surge of extraordinary confidence.

However, his face didn’t reveal any worry.

The washing and protection service at the Beast Washing Foster Store couldn’t compare to his.

As for the Emperor Foster Shop…

If nothing unexpected happened, once the system was upgraded again, his shop would be able to receive pet beasts of that level, so there was no need to be too nervous.

Jin Mingzhu, who was constantly observing Xu Ran’s face for any changes, became even more certain of her suspicion upon observing his calm demeanor.

Holding the Linglong dog, she chuckled lightly, “May I ask, Boss Xu, if I might tour the foster area and training area of your esteemed shop?”

She had already witnessed the washing and protection. She was equally curious about the other services of this shop.

Now that she had disclosed her identity, there was no need to pretend to be a customer and be secretive. She might as well be straightforward and ask for a tour.

“No problem.” Xu Ran glanced at Jin Mingzhu, then nodded.

Although she was from the same industry, this woman before him didn’t seem to mean him any harm. Moreover, if he considered her a normal customer, it would not be a big deal letting her see the foster and training areas.

“Follow me.”

He pushed open the door of the grooming room, gestured to the door outside, and then stepped out.

Jin Mingzhu elegantly followed Xu Ran, carrying the Linglong Dog in her arms.

The short-haired woman peering into the shop from outside shot a questioning gaze at Jin Mingzhu, but Jin Mingzhu just shook her head slightly without uttering a word.

The pair and pet quickly entered the back door.

“Eh?” The short-haired woman scratched her head. “What does Sister Jin’s head shake mean? But the Linglong dog in her arms appears to be well-groomed; it seems this shop’s grooming standards are quite high.”

“Mingzhu-”

A slightly heavy voice sounded behind the short-haired woman. “She followed that young man to the back of his shop, a lone man and a single woman, this… Isn’t this inappropriate?” @@novelbin@@

The short-haired woman fell silent.

Why didn’t that damned bootlicker stick his nose in with those two annoying individuals earlier and get thrown out too!?

“Was that short-haired woman we saw earlier also a competitor?” Noticing the exchange between Jin Mingzhu and the short-haired woman outside, Xu Ran asked with a light laugh.

“Yes,” Jin Mingzhu nodded. “She is the daughter of the owner of Huiyun Foster Shop, presently managing the shop herself.”

“Huiyun…” Xu Ran’s facial expression became somewhat peculiar.

That was also a well-known foster shop in Xieyun City.

Different from the other shops, it was rumored that this foster shop had ties to prominent figures. As a result, it continued to enjoy a large, stable customer base, despite its service standards only being merely above average.

He hadn’t anticipated that she’d visited as well.

“My small shop, which only recently opened, is being noted rather quickly by peers,” Xu Ran said, shaking his head in disappointment.

“Boss Xu, this cannot be considered a small shop,” Jin Mingzhu chuckled and shook her head, then glanced at the underground passageway they were currently in. “We’re heading down, so… are the foster area and training area of the Starfire Foster Care Shop located underground?”

“Yes.”

Xu Ran’s voice paused as he gazed into the suddenly revealed, vast space ahead.

“We’ve arrived.”

“This…” On seeing the enormous foster area that seemed to go on forever, Jin Mingzhu’s pupils constricted dramatically.

Clearly, this was another use of space expansion technology.

Moreover…

Compared to the expansive space before them, the grooming room on the ground floor that had only been expanded several dozen times seemed less than significant.

The resources required to create a space of this size represented a figure far beyond what Jin Mingzhu dared to imagine.

Her gaze aimlessly scoured the vast space, quickly locating six distinct areas within the foster area.

Unlike the desolation that surrounded them, each of these six areas sported a unique environment and landscape, harboring a pet beast each. Based on the growth stage of the pet beast, the size of the terrain varied.

Undoubtedly, these environments and terrains were customized.

A touch of numbness crossed Jin Mingzhu’s expression.

While her foster shop did utilize similar technology, it came with a hefty price tag. Compared to the extravagance of space expansion technology, she felt this was relatively affordable.

Recalling Starfire Foster Care Shop’s fostering price, Jin Mingzhu couldn’t help but murmur, “Boss Xu, isn’t your price a bit low?”

Yes, she was starting to feel that Xu Ran’s prices were too low.

“Do you think they’re low?” Xu Ran smiled, ‘Tve always charged this much.”

His rates may indeed be lower than their competitors, but he knew better. Money wasn’t that important to him, the pleasure value and resources gained from the system skills were what mattered most.

“That’s the entrance to the training area, let me show you around,” Xu Ran paused his steps, pointing towards the elevator passageway up ahead, gesturing for Jin Mingzhu to follow.

The training area, huh…

A curious and probing light flickered in Jin Mingzhu’s eyes.

Running the same type of business, she clearly understood that even though accompanying training service was often just an added service to the foster care service, its space requirements and environment standards were much higher than the foster area.

A fifteen to twenty square meter room was sufficient for a person to live comfortably, but for activities like playing basketball, soccer, or any high-impact sports, much more space is needed.

Training not only required ample space, but also a strong-bearing ground.

The higher the pet beast’s growth stage, the stronger their power. At the overlord stage and higher, the emperor stage, a single slap could crumble a mountain.

Training such terrifying entities wasn’t something that any field could bear.

Even the Emperor Foster Shop, which boasted of their ability to foster overlord and emperor stage pet beasts, didn’t provide accompanying training services for these two growth stages—they could only provide fosterage.

If the foster area in Starfire Foster Care Shop was already this large, then what scale would their training area be?

The next moment, Jin Mingzhu saw it.

Right as she followed Xu Ran into the elevator passageway, the scenery outside the elevator rapidly changed as Xu Ran pressed a button. Apart from an instant feeling of weightlessness, Jin Mingzhu didn’t experience any other sensation.

It was as if they had been instantly transported to another space.

The sight before her left Jin Mingzhu dumbstruck and in awe.

Outside the elevator was a vast sea. The elevator hovered above the sea with a sheltered area outside it, and beyond that was the ocean.

“This is…” Jin Mingzhu opened her mouth, her voice strained as she posed her question.

“Oh, this is the water attribute training area,” Xu Ran stated nonchalantly.

Indeed, he had been quite stunned too when he first saw it.

But now, having experienced it so many times, he had grown quite accustomed to it.

“Let’s go explore the fire attribute training area next,” Xu Ran proposed with a smile. Pressing the fire attribute symbol button at once made the hallway transform into a sprawling sea of fire engulfing volcanoes, spewing thick columns of smoky lava.

Thunder attribute, earth attribute, wind attribute, ice attribute…

As Xu Ran led her through each training area one after another, a transfixed Jin Mingzhu soon settled into a numb expression.

This kind of technology…

Apart from the typically used space expansion technology, Jin Mingzhu could not fathom any other way such a large-scale, realistic, training scenario could be simulated.

But one thing was clear.

It must be very expensive.

No…

Jin Mingzhu gazed at Xu Ran with consternation.

If you’re this rich, why did you open a foster care shop and steal our business?!