Chapter 332 - 201: You’Re So Rich, Why Do You Have To Compete With Us For Business?!_L

Chapter 332: Chapter 201: You’re so rich, why do you have to compete with us for business?!_l

Translator: 549690339

Taking the Linglong Dog carefully, the gossip began to change from an initial surprise to shock.

Some details after washing and protection are not immediately obvious.

A thousand-dollar wash and a ten-thousand-dollar wash, looking from afar both look clean and tidy. But if you touch it and observe it up close, you can clearly perceive the difference.

Like at this moment.

Before holding the Linglong Dog, the beautiful woman had recognized Xu Ran’s washing and protection skills, but didn’t think his grooming could reach Beast Washing level. She just thought his technique was very unique and the grooming process made the Pet Beast quite comfortable.

After observing the state of the Linglong Dog’s fur and the condition of the skin under the fur up close, the beautiful woman realized how shallow her previous thoughts were.

At this moment, each strand of the Linglong Dog’s fur was shining with a vibrant light under the lamp, the surface appeared to be covered with a sleek coating, and it had a touch that was intoxicating.

Beneath the soft fur, the Linglong Dog’s hair follicles and skin were as tender as a newborn’s, and the slightly pink complexion made the beautiful woman couldn’t help marveling.

Whether it’s a human or a pet beast, they will age with time. The skin and fur, which are the most frequently exposed to the outside world, are the first to bear the brunt and no matter how much care is taken, it is impossible to return completely to the original state.

But Xu Ran seems to achieve this at this moment.

If she had not seen it with her own eyes, the beautiful woman would even think that Xu Ran had cut off all the hair of the Linglong Dog and stimulated the growth of new hair, otherwise, how could the already irreversible damaged hair present a new-born texture?

She couldn’t achieve this grooming technique, and neither could Beast Washing.

In addition to the grooming effect, the precision of Xu Ran’s hair trimming also far exceeded the beautiful woman’s expectations.

Hair trimming is not like chiselling stone sculptures where you can shape the desired contour and style, because hair is dynamic.

If you simply trim the desired shape according to the stage of hair growth, as soon as the hair is gently shaken, this shape can no longer be restored.

Because the stacking order of the hair changes, and these hairs are uneven after being trimmed, the shapes they form naturally change as well.

So, hair trimming requires partitioning and blocking the hair in different parts and different areas, and then trimming according to different parts to finally sort out the desired shape.

In this process, the meticulousness of partitioning and blocking determines the precision of the overall styling. The more meticulous the partitions, the more they can maintain the overall effect, no matter how much shaking, the style can be easily restored.

And Xu Ran’s styling seemed to have a different trimming approach for each hair, the level of precision completely exceeded the beautiful woman’s imagination.

As the person who has the most say in pet beast grooming in Xieyun City, she knew very well that her skills were just playing the lute to a cow in front of this man.

Linked to the guess brought about by the accidental discovery of the space expansion technique in the grooming room just now, the beautiful woman suddenly felt that the young man in front of her was full of mystery.

“Are you satisfied with the result?” Seeing that the beautiful lady didn’t answer, Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask again.

“Uh, sorry, I was a little lost.” The beautiful woman suddenly came back to her senses, took a deep breath, glanced at Xu Ran with complicated eyes, “Your grooming effect has exceeded my expectations, I’m very satisfied.”

“That’s good.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

The grooming was easy enough, but it was his first time trying to groom a Pet Beast. If it weren’t for the relevant knowledge and skills granted by the system, he wouldn’t have been able to do it.

Therefore, it was necessary to ensure the customer was satisfied.

The beautiful woman looked at Xu Ran, her eyes showed a moment of hesitation and then she made up her mind, “I’ll introduce myself, my name is Jin Mingzhu, I’m the owner of the Pearl Foster Shop.”

“Pearl Foster Shop?” A hint of surprise appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

He didn’t expect that the woman in front of him was in the same business.

Speaking of which, he had also heard of the Pearl Foster Shop in the past few days. It was another famous foster shop in Xieyun City, the most distinctive feature of which was the pet beast grooming service, something that many foster shops do not have.

Thinking of this, Xu Ran glanced at the Linglong Dog in the woman’s arms.

No wonder she brought such a pet beast for him to groom. @@novelbin@@

“I’m really ashamed, I didn’t expect to meet for the first time in this way.” Jin Mingzhu shook her head helplessly, “It was Li Dajin who contacted us, constantly mentioning the threat your store posed to us, inviting us to come today.”

“Li Dajin?” A hint of surprise appeared on Xu Ran’s face, “Oh, it’s him!”

He remembered that Li Dajin had brought two people to his store before. But because they hadn’t queued and chose to skip the line, and they were making a racket in the store, he had asked the disciples from He’s Martial Arts Hall who were standing outside to help get them out.

Everything else was fine, but affecting his reception of customers and earning pleasure value was absolutely unacceptable!

“So the two people who were following Li Dajin before…” Xu Ran suddenly thought of something and looked a little strange.

“The two of them are the owners of Beast Washing Foster Store and Emperor Foster Shop.” Jin Mingzhu whispered.

“Ah, that…” Xu Ran was at a loss for words.

Having stayed in Xieyun City for a few days, he had some understanding of the more famous foster shops around here. Before he arrived, Beast Washing was widely known as the best in grooming services..