Chapter 336 - 203: A Bet That Seems Unwon 2

Chapter 336: Chapter 203: A Bet that Seems Unwon 2 @@novelbin@@

Translator: 549690339???? —

At this moment, the crowd carved out a path, as Xu Ran with his fatigued three little ones moved from Area C02 to the front of the ranking board.

The battle lasting over half an hour was a considerable test for the three little ones.

Cancan and Star who possessed the endurance skills were fine. However, for Ziyun, such a long full-throttle combat was almost impossible.

The reason they were able to maintain such a long battle today had to do with Star’s good luck.

Perhaps it was because Star was naturally compatible with the ability called The Fate Necklace. On the first day of obtaining the destiny chain skill, Star successfully acquired the hidden three-star skill within.

As a result, it became the first among the three little ones to obtain skills from a king-level resource.

Because of this skill, during today’s battle, Star continuously transferred its own power and Cancan’s power to Ziyun, providing a strong endurance for Ziyun’s explosive output.

If it weren’t for the fact that the proficiency of the Fate Necklace was currently at the stardust level, there would be certain restrictions on the output power. They could have fought for an even longer time.

The ability to maintain continuous combat is clearly one of the standards used to measure the power listing.

Therefore, the three little ones performed better today.

‘Third place, huh…” Xu Ran, who had proceeded to the front of the leaderboard, glanced at this rank and nodded approvingly without paying attention to the surroundings.

He had witnessed all the efforts of the three little ones and was pleased with their rank.

But then, his gaze flickered, seeming to find something interesting.

It seemed that the two people listed ahead and behind him were the same ones who were previously ahead of him on the overall power list before.

If he hadn’t surged to the top today, their rankings should have been next to each other on this very list.

So…

“This Mu Yunchao and Qu city…” Xu Ran touched his chin and couldn’t help but mutter, “Would it be inappropriate if I separate them?”

The volume of Xu Ran’s voice was not loud, yet definitely not small either.

In an instant, an eerie silence fell over the crowd. Many turned their attention to the two unsuspecting individuals he had just mentioned.

“You!” Mu Yunchao glared and pointed at Xu Ran, “Just you wait, I’m going to beat you!”

Having said this, he headed in the direction of the C02 testing area with great determination.

‘What…” Xu Ran blinked in confusion.

The next moment, a hand stretched out in front of him.

“Nice to meet you, my name is Qu City, the guy just now was Mu Yunchao.” Qu City chuckled.

Huh?

It was only then that Xu Ran realized that the two he had randomly mentioned both happened to be present at the scene. Embarrassed, he extended his hand to shake hands with Qu City, “Sorry, I didn’t recognize you.”

It s nothing.” Qu City waved his hand in disinterest, “However, YunChao is quite competitive. It will be hard for you to maintain your third place.” “Is it? Let’s see.”

Xu Ran glanced in the direction of area C02.

Their powers were pretty close, so the opponent indeed had a chance to surpass him.

But even if he was temporarily overtaken, he was confident to push past again.

Not long after, the solemn sound of a bell echoed.

The rankings of Mu Yunchao and Xu Ran highlighted simultaneously and then swapped under everyone’s gaze. Xu Ran, who had just advanced to third place, fell back down to fourth.

“3rd Place, Mu Yunchao, Pet Beast Team Power: 339233”

“4th Place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Pet Beast Team Power: 337742” Soon, an enthusiastic Mu Yunchao returned, glancing at Xu Ran triumphantly, “To surpass me, you have to work harder!”

Unwilling to accept their hard-won rank being suppressed again, all of the three small beasts wore unconvinced looks on their faces. They wished they could immediately seize back their ranking, but their hearts outran their strength.

Leaving aside the fact that the three little ones were currently exhausted, the side effects of Ziyun’s Scarlet Battle Intent hadn’t fully dissipated, and its Fighting Attribute power couldn’t be used temporarily.

Xu Ran touched his chin and looked at Mu Yunchao, who seemed eager to fight, “If that’s the case, I’ll come back around the same time tomorrow.” “Come on! I’m not afraid of you!” Mu Yunchao was immediately fired up. After Qu City, he finally found another competitor. This excited the ever eccentric and combative Mu Yunchao.

“The ranking will be settled the day after tomorrow. I’m looking forward to seeing if you can surpass me!”

“We’ll see about that.” Xu Ran smiled, and then reminded by some past events, took the initiative to speak, “How about a bet?”

“Betting on what?” Mu Yunchao grinned, “Let me hear it.”

If I win, come to my shop for ten grooming sessions.” Xu Ran smiled and spoke.

“Let’s just talk about what happens if you lose!” Mu Yunchao was quite confident in holding his rank on the list tomorrow and immediately replied.

“If I lose, you can come to my shop for ten grooming sessions for free.” said Xu Ran, without hesitation.

During Mu Yunchao’s testing process, he gleaned some information about his pet beast from the idle chit-chat of the onlookers nearby.

Mu Yunchao had a super ability attribute pet beast called Sky Mystery, which was the strongest among his three pet beasts, possessing a skill called Moving Shadows.

This skill wasn’t a super ability attribute skill, it was attributeless.

However, Xu Ran didn’t find this skill among the three-star common skills that could be exchanged, implying that it was a unique skill.

The effect of Moving Shadows was simple but appealing: it could instantly swap places with a specified object.

The fact that Mu Yunchao could get a higher rank in the overall power listing than in the pet beast team power listing was closely related to this skill.

Since he could swap places with Sky Mystery at any time, Mu Yunchao not only wouldn’t be a drag during fights, but he could also make the overall team cooperation more versatile.

If the Three little ones could master this skill, their cooperation possibilities would be even more diverse.

Therefore, he needed to figure out a way to acquire this skill.

“This bet of yours…” Mu Yunchao’s expression started to appear strange.

No matter the outcome, he would have to go to Xu Ran’s shop for ten grooming sessions, the only difference being whether he would have to pay or get it for free?

Why did it feel so odd?

There was an illusion that he would still be at a loss even if he won…

“Your shop’s grooming…what’s the price?” Mu Yunchao tentatively asked.

“Small pet beast grooming, 6666 per session; medium-sized pet beast grooming, 26666 per session; large pet beast grooming, 66666 per session;

super large pet beast grooming, 266666 per session.” Xu Ran quoted the prices with a smile.

Suddenly, there was a burst of noisy discussions in the crowd.

Not everyone was aware of the exact prices at the Starfire Foster Shop, even though they heard that the charges were high, they had no idea just how high.

For many in the crowd, this was the first time they knew how much the Starfire Foster Shop charged for pet grooming.

The prices were almost double that of the best grooming service in Xieyun City. “Deal!”

After doing the math in his head, Mu Yunchao resolutely replied.

If he won, he would be getting several hundred thousand based on his calculation.

Although it wasn’t a large sum for him, bets were meant to be a bonus.

He was sure to maintain his third place, and no one could take that from him!

“Until tomorrow, goodbye.” Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction upon receiving a definite reply, and left quickly with the Three little ones.

His opponent’s skill is destined to be his!

“Dinnertime!”

In the basement of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, Xu Ran distributed the prepared food bowls to the six residents who swarmed to him.

In addition to the three pet beasts that were fostered yesterday, three brand new residents arrived at Starfire Foster Shop today.

They belonged to the same Leadership Level Beast Master who needed to foster his pet beasts for a day due to his own circumstances.

Initially, he planned to foster his pet beasts into the Emperor Foster Shop, which had the best foster environment in Xieyun City.

However, he saw the scene of the Emperor Foster Shop’s boss being thrown out that day, and on a whim, he inspected the foster environment of the Starfire Foster Shop. He decided to foster his pet beasts here after being greatly amazed.

Even though it’s just a one-day fostering, Xu Ran’s service wouldn’t be compromised. After a feast, the three new residents, full of spirits, returned to their resting areas and caused a ruckus.

“Roar-”

Combat Furball placed the clean food bowl in Xu Ran’s hands, bobbed its body to say thanks, and then turned to leave.

Watching the creature’s back, Xu Ran stroked his chin.

It felt like today’s Combat Furball was even calmer than usual.