Chapter 335 - 203: A Bet That Seems Unwon L

Chapter 335: Chapter 203: A bet that seems unwon l

Translator: 549690339

“How long has that deceptive shopkeeper been inside?”

“Roughly about half an hour now?”

The spectators waiting in front of the current Leadership Level Beast Master Pet Beast Team Power List looked at one another and broke into vivid discussions.

The duration of the time to challenge the list depends on the specific list, but generally speaking, the rush for the Pet Beast Team Power List would not take this long.

So… what exactly happened in the C02 test area?

“Make way, make way.”

A slightly arrogant voice brought temporary silence to the spectators around, and an invisible force cleared a path through the crowd. Soon, two figures stepped forward from the back of the crowd, appearing in front of the list.

In response to such brazen behavior, no one in the crowd displayed anger or dissatisfaction, because these two arrivals were not strangers.

Standing in the front is a bald youth. He’s not particularly tall, but his sports attire combined with his rugged facial features, and a conspicuous and ferocious scar on his bald head, made him appear rather intimidating.

The moment they saw him, a fraction of the crowd couldn’t resist casting their eyes towards the second place on the current Beast Master Pet Beast Team Power List.

“Number 2, Qu City, Pet Beast Team Power: 341239”

Apart from having a high ranking on the list in front of them, the bald man currently also ranks third on the Beast Master Overall Power Ranking.

Xu Ran’s ranking after challenging the list yesterday was just below his, with not a big gap between them.

The person standing behind him appeared a few years younger. Hair tied back with a headband, causing the hairs on his forehead to stick up, not much different from a mohawk.

The one who spoke out earlier was him.

His flamboyant hairstyle matched his slightly arrogant voice, and his skills definitely lived up to this boldness.

“Number 3, Mu Yunchao, Pet Beast Team Power: 330276”

The third place on this list in front of them belonged to him.

And his ranking on the Overall Power List was even higher, currently in second place on the list.

Mu Yunchao and Qu City, with back-to-back rankings on two lists, had a heated competition, but in daily life they were great friends.

It’s common for the two to travel together.

And now that they’re here, it seems that everyone could guess their purpose.

“I heard there’s a pretty impressive newbie lately.” Mu Yunchao grinned, looking around at the spectators, “Is he in C02?”

After receiving affirmative answers from the crowd, Mu Yunchao crossed his arms, nudging Qu City next to him with his shoulder, “Do you think, his strength could surpass ours?”

“We’ll see.” Compared to Mu Yunchao, Qu City was more composed, at this moment looking at the slowly opening list and speaking slowly, “He’s climbed up to the fourth place in the Overall Power List, unless there’s a surprise, he should also be in this position on the Pet Beast Team Power List.”

“Alright, let’s just wait and see then.” Mu Yunchao shrugged, then suddenly spoke again, “Speaking of which, my Sky Mystery has improved significantly in strength recently, I might just surpass you on the Pet Beast Team Power List.” “You’ve said that many times.” Qu City gave a calm smile, “We’ll talk about it when you surpass me, my three pet beasts are not vegetarians, they should be able to break through to 350,000 team power soon.”

The spectators were stupefied by their casual conversation.

Having already progressed this far, their strength could still increase at such a rapid rate. The topdogs on this list seemed out of reach for ordinary Beast Masters like themselves.

“Ding???? ”

A deep and powerful bell echoed throughout the Beast Trainer Ranking area.

The conversation between Mu Yunchao and Qu City paused momentarily. The whispering around them also abruptly halted. After a brief pause, everyone simultaneously turned their attention to the Pet Beast Team Power List in front, which started to flicker.

The newcomer, who’s been making waves recently, and has spent more than half an hour in the testing area, has he finally finished with the list rising challenge?

As the 500th rank darkened and DESCENDED simultaneously, the large list above started to gradually highlight the ranks set to change starting from the 499th and moving up.

300th position…200th position…100th position…50th position…

Until the 10th position lit up, the crowd gathered tightly around the list weren’t too surprised, after all, Xu Ran had already risen to the fourth place in the Overall Power Ranking yesterday.

According to the usual pattern, he would probably stop at this position on the Pet Beast Team Power List as well. @@novelbin@@

However, a calm expression soon disappeared from everyone’s faces.

Because after the fourth rank highlighted, the third rank followed.

Suddenly, countless pairs of eyes turned towards Mu Yunchao.

“Instead of catching up to me, you should think about recapturing your rank first.” After waiting silently for a while, Qu City breathed a sigh of relief as he made sure his second place was not going to light up, turned to look at Mu Yunchao with a bit of a smirk in his voice.

Mu Yunchao:

Watching his own rank drop to fourth, replaced by a brand-new name, his expression instantly turned sullen.

“Wait for it.” Mu Yunchao lifted his head to seriously read the words on the big screen.

“Number 3, Starfire Foster Shop, Pet Beast Team Power: 337742”

“Just a few thousand power’s difference, I’ll surpass him in no time.” He snorted and began walking towards the C02 area.

But the very next moment, his steps faltered..