Chapter 337 - 204 New Commission !

Chapter 337: Chapter 204 New Commission !

Translator: 549690339

The next morning, after finishing breakfast with the three little ones and six pet beasts, Xu Ran pushed open the shop door.

The customers waiting outside the shop early in the morning brought him a good mood to start a new day.

The Extract Cloud Beastmaster Report is a daily newspaper, and the coverage of the day before yesterday has lost its subsequent impact with the release of a new issue. However, the popularity of the Starfire Foster Care Shop has not dropped but is steadily rising.

The reputation gained from running the shop for the past two days is beginning to ferment.

“Welcome.” Looking at the exploratory and expectant customers at the front of the line, Xu Ran quietly opened his mouth.

Business for the day started at that moment.

As expectant customers came and satisfied customers left, time flew by quickly.

Xu Ran, who was busy the whole time, didn’t notice that two figures appeared outside the shop door.

“Is this the place?” Leading him was a middle-aged man with a square face, and as he looked at the nearby shop, a helpless expression appeared on his face, “Have you summoned me here just to see what this shop is true or false?” “Little girl, do you understand how busy I am every day, especially nowadays, I am still worrying about your Uncle Zhou’s matter.”

“Oh, Dad!” A short-haired, delicate-faced woman held the middle-aged man’s hand, with a hint of coquetry in her face, “Just have a look, this shop is definitely not ordinary, otherwise, Sister Jin wouldn’t have reacted like that.” “Then why don’t you go yourself?” The middle-aged man shook his head helplessly.

“Because they saw me yesterday.” The short-haired woman shrugged her shoulders, “If I went today, it would be clear to them that we were probing.”

“You little…” Still reluctant, the middle-aged man grumbled, but he gave up after making eye contact with the short-haired woman, “Fine, I’ll go and see.” He then directed his steps towards the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

The short-haired woman gave a satisfied nod, glanced around, quickly found a drink shop, ordered a beverage and took a seat near the transparent floor-to-ceiling windows to observe from afar.

Without waiting long, the middle-aged man smoothly entered the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

“I want to see what is so special about this place…” The short-haired woman took a sip of her drink and instantly made a painful face.

“So sour!”

“Hello, welcome!”

Noticing the new customer, Xu Ran casually greeted and couldn’t help but take another look at the man.

This middle-aged man with a square face carried a hint of authority.

It seems like he’s no ordinary person…

A thought quietly slipped into Xu Ran’s mind, and he then asked, “What kind of service do you need?”

“Let me see.”

The middle-aged man, whom his daughter had called, did not know exactly what he wanted. At this moment, he turned his head and eyed the price menu on the wall, and a glimmer of surprise flickered in his eyes.

Such a price…

He’s quite bold.

“Let’s go for a wash and care.” His gaze finally stopped on the cleaning and caring price menu, “But my pet beast is large in size, your shop might not be able to accommodate it.”

“Is it a Super Large Pet Beast?” Xu Ran’s face showed understanding.

The shop can only accommodate Large Pet Beasts, and any beast larger than that would need to be directly summoned into the Grooming Room for washing and care.

“Please follow me.” Xu Ran pointed towards the Grooming Room and signaled the middle-aged man to follow.

They soon entered the Grooming Room.

“Hmm?” Looking around the suddenly wide-open space, the middle-aged man’s face showed surprise for the second time.

He didn’t say much and promptly lit up a hexagram star array behind him.

In the sudden burst of wind, a powerful force that gave Xu Ran a momentary feeling of suffocation erupted from the void.

Watching a giant sculpture, with a wingspan of nearly thirty meters fly out from the gust, Xu Ran’s face showed surprise.

A King Stage Pet Beast!

This middle-aged man is actually a King Level Beast Master.

“Super Large Pet Beast, can it be washed and cared for?” The middle-aged man asked with a smile.

“Yes, it can!” Xu Ran nodded, his face showing anticipation as well.

I have to say I’ve never cared for a king-level pet beast.

This is also a challenge for him.

“Let’s get started then.” The middle-aged man nodded slightly and then sat down in the accompanying seat nearby.

Looking at Xu Ran, who was guiding his beast to the super large size wash platform in the center of the Grooming Room, he seemed curious.

Initially, he just wanted this young man to wash his pet beast casually, then check the fosterage and training area of his shop, considering it as discharging his duty to his daughter.

But after seeing the Grooming Room expanded with the space expansion technique, the middle-aged man’s ideas quickly changed.

This Washing and Protection Shop seems more than meets the eye.

With this in mind, why not actually probe?

This Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle is the pet beast among his five that demands the most washing and care, and it’s also the most challenging one to care for.

He wanted to see to what extent this young man could wash and care for it.

As for the middle-aged man’s intentions, Xu Ran had no clue. But after using the System Identification on the giant eagle in front of him, he couldn’t help but once again mock his quirky system.

[Race Name: Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle

Attribute: Wind

Growth Stage: King Stage

Body Type: Super Large Size

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★★★☆

Evaluation: This is a very dirty giant sculpture, Host, quickly use your magical hands to rub it, to bring it new pleasure and comfort!]

I understand the logic, but why call a perfectly fine wind eagle a giant sculpture?

Xu Ran pulled at the corner of his mouth and turned around to prepare for the upcoming washing and protection.

The washing and protection of the Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle is not too complicated, like any other bird pet beast, the key is in feather detail care.

But the Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle before his eyes was somewhat dirty.

It had large patches of damaged feathers, some almost glued together, and a lot of dirt on its feathers. @@novelbin@@

Paired with a body that almost reaches thirty meters when its wings are spread, providing care and protection for it is quite a hassle.

Soon, Xu Ran finished preparing the bath dew, adjusted the corresponding temperature, and began gently soaking the Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle and its nearly human-sized feathers using a showerhead.

Real- Feather by feather care.

Just the preliminary removal of the dirt stuck on each feather already took Xu Ran half an hour.

Luckily, this effort is rewarded.

The Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle’s massive body visibly becomes much cleaner, while Xu Ran’s appropriately strengthed grooming makes the Eagle quite comfortable.

Its colossal body comfortably twists a few times, and from its beak – hard enough to easily peck through gold and stone – occasional humming sounds are emitted.

[Pleasure value from the Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle +35]

[Pleasure value from the Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle +35]

[From…]

Xu Ran, seeing the repeatedly popping up pleasure value prompts before his eyes, stretches his body a bit, and begins the following washing and protection step.

Deep cleaning, feather care, trimming, and grooming…

Soon, strange yet slightly excited sounds from the Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle came from within the grooming room.

Hearing the weird sounds his pet beast was making, the middle-aged man’s expression also became somewhat unnatural.

As a King Level Beast Master, his contract power has already reached the fifth rank.

Fifth rank contract sensing, able to equally sense the pet beast’s situation.

So…

He decided to temporarily block it out for now.

However, amidst the uneasiness, the keen observer noticed the visible changes of the Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle with each of Xu Ran’s movements.

This grooming effect…

The middle-aged man’s expression gradually turned into surprise.

When did such an impressive young man come to Xieyun City?

After a long wait, Xu Ran completely dries off the Spirit Wind Eagle’s feathers. The brand new Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle lets out a sharp scream, its eyes full of excitement.

At this moment, it feels its normally heavy feathers become incredibly lightweight. It does not know why, but the unnatural feeling that always existed after grooming is nowhere to be found this time.

The middle-aged man quickly walks to the Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle, and after closely examining its feathers, looks even more surprised.

He knows his pet beast best.

The Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle’s feathers, already irreparably damaged from years of warfare. The tiny down on the feathers has become coarse and rare. This type of damage makes it hard to return to peak condition even with the most meticulous grooming.

And yet, in the hands of this youth, who is even younger than his own daughter, the Extreme Spirit Wind Eagle’s feathers seem to be completely restored.

This is…

“Perfect grooming?!”

The middle-aged man fiercely looks towards Xu Ran, his voice filled with surprise and shock, “Can you perform perfect washing and protection?”

“Ah?” Xu Ran blinked.

This is the first time he’s heard this term.

“Senior, what do you mean by perfect washing and protection?”

The middle-aged man fell silent for a moment.

Doesn’t this young man in front of him know?

“Grooming is a type of maintenance and care for a pet beast’s condition.” He slowly began, “Even if done well, there is a limit to this type of maintenance and care.”

“Just like a broken glass, the cracks will still be there even if you glue it back together. Even with timely grooming, as the beast ages and engages in long-term combat, there will inevitably be a decline in its condition.”

“However, there is one type of grooming that’s an exception. This type of grooming can fully remove the decline in a pet beast’s condition and provide the best repair to any issues. This,” the middle-aged man looked at Xu Ran, “is Perfect Grooming.”

“I see.” Xu Ran stroked his chin.

His washing and protection skills came from The System, so it’s natural for it to be impressive.

“Then what I did should count as the Perfect Grooming you spoke of.”

“Hiss…”

The middle-aged man’s glance towards Xu Ran changes.

Originally, he came to this foster shop to test it due to his daughter’s request.

But now, his thought has changed.

Testing is no longer important.

He has another more important task to entrust to the young man before him.

Three thousand, wasted..