Chapter 339 - 206: Mu Yunchao'S Bewilderment L

Chapter 339: Chapter 206: Mu Yunchao’s Bewilderment l

Translator: 549690339

“Phew     ”

Xu Ran stretched lazily, looking at the dimming sky outside the shop door with a smile on his face, “Finally, today’s business is over.”

As usual, he communicated with the three little ones through Contractual Sensing, understood their ranking situation of the day and with the appearance of the flickering Hexagram Star Array, Star was summoned and appeared in the shop.

“XiLu~”

Letting out an exhilarating call, Star lowered its head, brushing against Xu Ran’s raised palm, its eyes full of intense excitement.

The excitement derived from its significant progress today on the Beast Master Ranking.

Moreover, it was its best performance ever on the Velocity Chart!

Originally, when it competed for the first time a few days ago, Star had secured the top spot on the current Velocity Chart and the third place on the Historical Rankings.

But today, taking advantage of the resources acquired in these few days and its own tireless efforts, Star successfully promoted its Historical Ranking to the second place, closely catching up with Chairman Fang’s ranking.

Although it didn’t win any extra Beast Master Points, this small step served as a great motivator for Star.

It’s getting closer, the first place of the Historical Rankings is within reach!

It, Star, wants to become the fastest Pet Beast in the Leadership Level!

“You did a great job.” Xu Ran patted Star’s head lightly, he never skimped on his encouragement for the improvements of his pet beasts, “Let’s go, now, it’s the time for us to make an all-out effort.”

“XiLu~”

Star raised its head once again, letting out a loud call, waiting for Xu Ran to secure himself on its back, then galloped out of the Foster Shop and turned into a shadow arrow, rushing in the direction of the Beast Master Ranking in the growing darkness.

“Here they come!”

The crowd that had been waiting at the entrance of the Beast Master Ranking quickly saw the arriving figures of Xu Ran and Star, and immediately erupted in cheers.

Because, they will soon witness an intense gamble.

Standing at the very front of the crowd were Ziyun and Cancan, just like the previous few days, looking up shoulder to shoulder, waiting for Xu Ran’s arrival.

Behind them stood three people, two males and one female.

One of them was Mu Yunchao, who was going to gamble with Xu Ran today, and the other was Mu Yunchao’s good friend, Qu City.

As for the last woman…

She was an ethereal-looking woman dressed in a simple and elegant long dress, gentle and quiet looking, yet nobody dared to casually glance her way. Because, this demure-looking woman was currently the number one on both Pet Beast Team Power and Overall Power Rankings among Leadership Level Beast Masters.

She held another identity that was more daunting.

She was the only daughter of the Association Chairman of Xieyun City Beast Master Association, FangCanghai, FangYuling.

Her appearance here, surprised everyone.

“I say, Miss Fang, there’s no need for you to worry about me and Xu Ran competing for the third and fourth place, right?” Seeing Fang Yuling standing marginally further ahead than himself, Mu Yunchao’s lips twitched a bit.

How ruthless!

Originally, he was supposed to be the center of attention today.

But now, all the attention was stolen by this woman!

“Today is the last day before the weekly settlement, I am here to take a look.” FangYuling gave a slight smile, “Don’t worry, I will wait until your bet is over before I make my ranking.”

“Eh? You’re already first yet you still want to rank?” Mu Yunchao’s lips twitched again.

“I’m not first on the Historical Rankings,” a competitive light glowed in Fang Yuling’s eyes.@@novelbin@@

Everyone present exhibited a somewhat strange expression upon hearing this.

Because the number one on both the Historical Rankings was that mythical man of Xieyun City without exception.

But the problem is, the woman standing before them is that man’s only daughter.

The relationship between this father and daughter is truly…

“So this is the Beast Master who’s been the talk of the town over the past few days?” Fang Yuling glanced in Xu Ran’s direction, just in time to see Xu Ran dismounting from Star. Her eyes showed a bit of amusement, “So it’s him.” “Do you know him?” Hearing Fang Yuling’swords, Qu City couldn’t help but ask curiously.

“Not really, I just know his name.” Fang Yuling looked at Xu Ran approaching step by step, a smile in her eyes, “There are quite a few people in the Association who bear a grudge against him.”

She was also present at the Exchange Event between Xieyun City and other cities a month ago, but as her age exceeded the limit, she did not participate.

So, she was not unfamiliar with that face which caused the plan of some people in Xieyun City Beast Master Association to fall through.

Not paying any attention to Fang Yuling and Qu City’s conversation, the moment he saw Xu Ran, Mu Yunchao walked forward energetically, “Xu Ran, I specifically waited to rank until you arrived today!”

Having a full day’s time, he naturally found ways to find out Xu Ran’s name.

“It’s evident, you can’t wait to get the Washing and Protection treatment at the Starfire Foster Care Shop.” Xu Ran deliberately stressed the shop name, advertising it to the crowd.

Mu Yunchao: “…”

It seems there’s no problem with that, after all, whether he wins or loses, he will wash and care, but why does it feel a bit off?

Behind him, Fang Yuling’s eyes held a hint of amusement.

She remembered that Xu Ran had advertised his shop in the Exchange Event back then while his shop had not even started operations…

Now once again seeing him, not only did he change the pseudonym of the ranking to the shop name, he also never missed a chance to mention his shop…