Chapter 334 - 202: The Final List_L

Chapter 334: Chapter 202: The Final List_l

Translator: 549690339

“Sister Jin, how did it go?”

Seeing Jin Mingzhu walking out of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, the short-haired woman quickly approached her. Her tone was full of curiosity and intrigue as she inquired.

“Hmm?” Jin Mingzhu’s expression was somewhat absent-minded, “What do you mean?”

“I mean… does this shop really have the capacity to threaten us?” The man in a suit promptly spoke up, his tone unintentionally intensified when pronouncing the word “us”.

“Uh-huh!” The short-haired woman nodded, not noticing the unusual tone from the man in the suit.

Under their expectant gazes, the woman gradually returned to her senses.

Threatening?

Did this shop have the capability to be a threat to them?

As she entered the store, she would have considered this a joke.

And now, she still thought it was a joke.

Her own Pearl Foster Shop, or even all of the foster shops in Xieyun City combined, which one could compare to this one?

Maybe in the eyes of that young man, they aren’t even considered a threat?

At this thought, Jin Mingzhu’s face contorted into a bitter smile.

It was immense, the disparity was too great.

If she had already given up on the idea of competing with Xu Ran after witnessing his washing and protection service, then after seeing the foster area and training area led by Xu Ran, she no longer harbored thoughts of being an enemy.

“Let’s go.” Seeing the two still expectantly waiting for her opinion, Jin Mingzhu gave a resigned sigh and wordlessly turned to the street they had arrived from, “Take my advice and do not make an enemy of this shop in the future.”

“About this shop… It’s better that you two remain oblivious.”

“Huh?” The short-haired woman was slightly taken aback by Jin Mingzhu’s words.

Who is Jin Mingzhu?

She is a well-known figure in the pet fostering industry in Xieyun City and is renowned for her grooming skills.

However, such an ambitious and vivacious woman is now speaking with such a defeated and depressed tone.

Her disinterested tone of voice made the short-haired woman intensely curious about what she had just experienced.

“Mingzhu, we’ll listen to you.” The man in a suit chuckled and quickly nodded in agreement, “I promise not to be enemies with this shop!”

The short-haired woman rolled her eyes in annoyance.

What a suck-up!

Following Jin Mingzhu, the short-haired woman could not help but glance back at the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

At this moment, her curiosity about the Starfire Foster Care Shop was piqued.

By tomorrow, she needed to learn as much as she could about that shop.

With this thought, the short-haired woman withdrew her gaze.

The two women and the man soon disappeared down the street.

Soon after Jin Mingzhu left, the Starfire Foster Care Shop also reached the end of its operating hours.

Closing the shop door, Xu Ran stretched lazily and contacted the three little ones through contractual sensing. @@novelbin@@

The three little fellows had ducked out after their training and took the Beast Master Badge while Xu Ran was busy.

After a day’s work, they had managed a few small advancements in the leaderboards they had previously dared to challenge, however the overall rewards were minimal.

Nevertheless, these three were not disheartened. After all, the upgraded rankings were another way to validate their increased power and as for rewards, they still had plenty left from before.

Now, it was time for Xu Ran to also start challenging the leaderboards.

The leaderboard for the Leadership Level Beast Masters had three divisions. He had challenged two of them yesterday and today it was time to attempt the last division,

Leadership Level Beast Masters Pet Beast Team Power List.

That is, a list where the Beast Masters couldn’t get involved and the pet beasts had to cooperate and fight amongst themselves.

In the majority of cases, the ranking here aligns with the Beast Master Overall Power Ranking.

Still, there are exceptions.

For instance, if a Beast Master’s pet beast is not adept at defense and the master himself doesn’t know how to fight effectively, it may occur in the Overall Power Ranking where the Beast Master is the weak link holding back his pet beast.

On the other hand, if the Beast Master and pet beast have had long-term cooperation, then the Beast Master might not only stop being a hindrance but could also start to play a significant part, bringing out a combined effect where one plus one is greater than two. The Overall Power Ranking might then be higher than the Pet Beast Team Power List.

Behind Xu Ran, the Hexagram Star Array shone brightly, and soon, Star appeared from the violent wind, heading to pick up Xu Ran to go to the Beast Trainer Ranking.

Star Express, will definitely succeed.

At the entrance of Beast Trainer Ranking.

Looking at Ziyun and Cancan sitting side by side, their eyes gazing into the distance as if waiting for something, it had become a regular spectacle for the crowd.

“Isn’t it about time for the Starfire Foster Care Shop to close for the day?” “Correct, I was just at the Starfire Foster Care Shop today, their business hours end about now.”

“With the attention from the Beast Trainer Ranking and newspaper reports, Starfire Foster Care Shop must be getting a lot of customers, right? This person isn’t just a formidable Beast Master; he’s also a cunning businessman who could come up with this kind of idea.”

“I wonder if others will follow suit.”

“Heh, you need the corresponding power to imitate this, don’t you?”

“Well, I’ve heard that a Beast Master named Qin Can has started leasing pseudonyms. As long as the payment is generous, he can change his name on the leaderboard to match the shop name or any other name…”

“…Ha? Is that even possible?”

“Are we getting sidetracked? Shouldn’t the main point be how Starfire Foster Care Shop still managed to finish the day’s business with so many customers?” “Is that the focus? Shouldn’t we be discussing whether Starfire Foster Care Shop’s service was good or not?”

The people present all turned their eyes to a member of the crowd who had claimed to have visited the shop that day.

“I only went for the washing and protection service, so I can only say a bit on that. It’s quite expensive; twice as much as the Beast Washing,” he said candidly.

“But the washing and protection from this shop are far better than the Beast Washing. I took my pet beast and entered the ranking after finishing today’s service, and our position advanced by more than three hundred places.” “Who would have thought! This gentleman here is some big shot on the ranking board. Which board? What rank? That’s quite a bit of advancement!”

“Um… Elite Pet Beast Combat Power List – currently ranked 6432.”

“Psh!” scoffed the questioner, rolling his eyes.

Over six thousand doesn’t even make it on the leaderboard; only the Beast Masters themselves can check the score.

And it’s also at the elite level.

Improving by a few hundred places at this level doesn’t seem out of the ordinary.

However, this person’s words incited a look of contemplation and interest on the faces of many onlookers.

Maybe they should check it out in a few days?

“Here he comes! The cunning businessman is here!” A sharp-eyed person in the crowd interrupted everyone’s thought process.

Even today, many people don’t know Xu Ran’s real name. In addition to referring to him as the “mysterious Beast Master,” many have begun calling him “cunning businessman.”

Upon seeing Ziyun from Star Express standing up and moving his ear, a strange expression crossed his face.

If Xu Ran found out that even in Xieyun City he cannot escape being labeled a “cunning businessman,” one wonders what he would think.

“Charming!” (Here he comes!)

With anticipation in her eyes, Cancan called out.

Go after the rankings!

Yesterday’s run for the leaderboards gave it a taste of success.

Although it had just started absorbing the two king-level resources and had not yet acquired the hidden three-star skill, it had improved noticeably in just one day, moving up a spot in the Combat Power List.

Even though its Defense Ranking didn’t move up, the historical ranking advanced by over a dozen places, an equally significant improvement.

So, anxiously, it was ready to challenge the Pet Beast Team Power List!

Under the gaze of the two little ones, Star Express quickly stopped in front of the Beast Trainer Ranking. Xu Ran dismounted, patted the two little ones who came to greet him, took his Beast Master Badge, and headed straight for Testing Area C02.

The test area corresponds to the Beast Master Pet Beast Team Power List that the team of one man and three pets did not challenge yesterday.

Behind the team, followed the crowd who had called their friends to watch the spectacle.

Once they disappeared into the testing area, some stayed outside the door, waiting to be the first to see Xu Ran complete the challenge, while others surrounded the scoreboard, anticipating the first update on the rankings.

Undoubtedly, Xu Ran would make the leaderboard, the question was where his rank would be.

In the testing area, Xu Ran stood alone on an elevated platform, watching the simulated scene of the city outskirts below.

Just as in yesterday’s overall power test, the scene and opponents were the same. The only difference was that this time, Xu Ran couldn’t join in; he could only command from the platform.

Besides, Xu Ran didn’t plan on doing much commanding either.

After spending so much time together, training for as long as they had, and experiencing so many battles, the three little ones had already built up a rapport and extensive experience.

They no longer needed Xu Ran’s command for every move as they did at the beginning, instead were capable of making their own decisions and actions.

So…

“Let me see the full extent of the three of you now!”

As Xu Ran’s voice echoed in the minds of the three little ones simultaneously, a battle intent rose in their eyes.

Xu Ran was watching them from above!

The situation was similar to a child performing on stage while the parents watched from below. At this moment, the only thought in the minds of the three little ones was to give their all and show Xu Ran their power!

With a loud roar, Cancan’s figure swelled up, kicking up a gust of wind while transforming into a movable mountain. Unseen pressure, accompanied by the shimmering Dragon Turtle Light Patterns, rolled in all directions.

Ziyun, though not as impressive in size right beside Cancan, also exploded with the same intimidating force that was impossible to disregard, its domineering presence and rogue electric arcs filled the air.

Accompanied by a clear cry, dark patterns emerged on Cancan and Ziyun, which propelled their aura to new heights, peaking in an instant.

The battle that belonged to the threesome commenced in an instant!

Three thousand words today, I had to adjust my braces, toothache got me out of shape so I could only meet the standard with seven thousand words….