Chapter 331 - 200 The Shock Of A Companion_L

Chapter 331: Chapter 200 The Shock of A Companion_l

Translator: 549690339 |

“Brother Xu, my pet beast looks like it’s been changed for a new one.”

The disciple from He’s Martial Arts Hall who had just finished washing and grooming his pet beast, had a radiant smile on his face, “Before, I am really sorry. After this, I will definitely frequent your store!”

“You’re very welcome.” Xu Ran replied, giving a casual yawn, and then called towards the shop entrance, “next one-”

Soon after, a beautiful woman stepped into the foster shop.

She observed the interior of the Starfire Foster Shop with a curious gaze, glancing briefly at the price menu on the wall before averting her sight.

“Hello, how may I assist you?”

“Hmmm…” Her nasal tones resembled that of malt sugar, smoother than honey. After a brief pause, she opened her mouth, “Why don’t you start by washing and grooming my pet beast.”

Behind her, the Hexagram Star Array shone brightly. The next moment, a pup-like pet beast appeared, blanketed with fur that resembled hair, falling sleekly and straight around its small and petite form.

On top of the pup’s forehead, a tuft of hair was tied into a pigtail with a hairpin, the end hanging backward so that the overgrown hair from the top of the head wouldn’t obstruct its large dark eyes.

“Woof!”

The little thing let out a shout towards Xu Ran. The charge of its Elite Stage strength coupled with its body, that was even smaller than a regular dog’s, made it look ferociously cute.

[Race name: Linglong Dog

Attribute: Super ability

Growth stage: Elite stage

Body type: Small size

Washing and protection requirement:

Review: After finishing grooming, please remember to tie a small pigtail for this cute little friend. A bun hairstyle would also be a good choice-]

Tie a pigtail…

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly at the corners.

Who would have thought that the first time he would help someone tie a pigtail would not be for a cute little girl, but for a dog?

“Come on.” Xu Ran bent slightly, picking the little one up, then glanced at the beautiful woman, “You can either opt to accompany us in the grooming room or wait outside.”

“I’ll accompany you.” The beautiful woman responded without hesitation and then followed him into the grooming room with her graceful strides.

The two of them along with the pet beast entered the grooming room, and soon the door of the grooming room closed again.

Outside the shop door, a short-haired woman and a man in suit exchanged a glance after having watched the interaction.

“Next, well review Sister Jin’s performance.” The short-haired woman murmured in a voice only audible to the two of them, “Well know what’s going on with this shop in a while.”

“Yes!” The man nodded heavily. However, worry quickly appeared on his face, “But with Lady Jin alone with that lad, wouldn’t it be…”

The short-haired woman couldn’t help but face-palm, a look of aversion appearing on her face.

Even though she didn’t like the owner of the Emperor Foster Shop, but he did say one thing that was true.

This guy is nothing more than a dog-licker!

“This…”

The beautiful woman widened her eyes, taking in the scene inside the grooming room.

At first, she only thought that the grooming room was somewhat more spacious than she imagined, but it didn’t take long for her to realize that this was more than just a bit larger.

The space here far exceeded the size normal for a shop’s interior.

With this bizarre situation, there seemed to only be one possibility.

Space expansion technology!

Such technology was something her Pearl Foster Shop didn’t have the capabilities to implement even if they wanted to. And even if they could, she certainly wouldn’t afford to do so.

Because the cost of using space expansion technology to create space far exceeds the cost of creating an equal-sized space by constructing a building.

Yet, the youngster in front of her effortlessly utilized such valuable technology to expand his grooming room.

Understanding surfaced in the woman’s eyes.

She finally understood why the trio Li Dajin was thrown out earlier.

No one from the trio could even compare to the depth of resources that this youngster displayed. It’s natural he wouldn’t care about them.

A stir in the grooming room interrupted the beautiful woman’s chain of thoughts.

Looking at Xu Ran and the Linglong Dog who had already started grooming, the beautiful woman took a deep breath and sat straight, keenly observing every moment without batting an eye.

Like Beast Washing Foster Shop, her Pearl Foster Shop was also known for washing and protection services. However, aside from conventional washing and grooming, the Pearl Foster Shop also provided a relatively lesser seen service.

And that was pet beast beauty treatment.

The Pearl Foster Shop was known for enhancing a pet beast’s appearance and physique by trimming fur or dipping special paints, making the pet beast stand out from the rest.

It was because of this unique service that, even though the washing and grooming standard was slightly lower than Beast Washing, Pearl Foster Shop managed to maintain its footing amid the fierce competition in Xieyun City.

A pet beast like Linglong Dog required constant grooming, otherwise its white fur would easily discolor because of the dirt, drastically dropping its overall charm.

During grooming, beauty treatments must also be taken care of.

The Linglong Dog was relatively small-sized, but its fur grew rapidly, had a texture similar to human hair, and could easily touch the ground or obstruct its eyes.

Therefore, this was quite a difficult pet beast to look after.

One must wonder how the young man in front of her would fare?

“Wham—” Xu Ran, standing at the care platform, didn’t pay any mind to the beautiful matron’s keen gaze. Remaining entirely focused, he scooped a ladleful of bath liquid and gently poured it all over the Linglong dog’s body, letting it sanitarily trickle down their spine.

It was obvious that the Linglong dog was already well-groomed. Its fur hadn’t discoloured due to dirt, but was only slightly coarse and dull, with only quite minor dirt marks here and there.

After rinsing, Xu Ran took out a poodle comb and meticulously combed their fur.

The rounded front of the comb was tightly pressed against the root of the Linglong dog’s fur, on its skin and hair follicles, creating shallow impressions on the skin. Yet, along with consistent pressure, it proceeded to glide towards both sides of the dog’s body.

It induced a sensation akin to mild electric tingles which enveloped the Linglong dog from the inside out.

[Pleasure value from the Linglong dog +20]

[Pleasure value from the Linglong dog +20]

[From…]

Its grape-like, profound eyes exhibited a bit of blankness and incomprehensibility. While its body slightly trembled, the dog raised its head and made a slightly gentle sound.

“Woof—”

The whole sight had left the beautiful matron in a slightly strange mood.

Given that she regularly groomed her Linglong dog, they were accustomed to the whole grooming ordeal, unphased by ordinary grooming methods, and bearing no specific reaction to the process.

Why was it that under this young man’s care, the Linglong dog made such contented expressions?

Could it be that his grooming skills were truly that extraordinary?

Observing Xu Ran gently comb the Linglong dog’s fur, its bewildered eyes, and its slightly strange noise, the matron couldn’t help but shift her body around, an ineffable, peculiar feeling coursing through her.

Swiftly, Xu Ran finally managed to comb the Linglong dog’s fur smoothly down both sides along its spine, parting the fur from the middle.

Upon completing the initial wetting and combing, Xu Ran immediately initiated a deep fur treatment and washing process for the Linglong dog.

The dog’s voice grew progressively odder, and the matron couldn’t help but squirm here and there. Nevertheless, her expressions grew more and more focused, mirroring the continuous grooming process.

After an unnoticeable period of time passed, Xu Ran used a hairdryer to thoroughly dry the Linglong dog, taking out a small pouch and retrieving a sharp pair of scissors.

Was he about to start grooming it?

The matron promptly sat upright. @@novelbin@@

Under her attentive gaze, Xu Ran drew a deep breath, and started his artful cutting.

Under the lights, his scissors gleamed frostily, dancing around the Linglong dog’s body. As more and more white fur flew into the air, the outline of the dog’s body underwent rapid transformation.

The Linglong dog, whose side fur had already grown past its paws and nearly grazed the floor, had now become a short-furred dog after Xu Ran’s trimming, the transformation transpiring in a merely few breaths.

However, its fur was not entirely cut off. The hair on the dog’s ears, head, snout, limbs and tail was preserved to an extent, leaving those parts longer.

The final outcome did not look remotely like the Linglong dog of before, but its cuteness had burgeoned multiple times following Xu Ran’s grooming.

“This…” the matron’s eyes inadvertently widened.

Such a trimming method was unimaginable to her, yet the result was nothing short of superb.

She looked at Xu Ran with a gaze filled with incredulity.

This young man was surprisingly proficient even in pet grooming!

“Phew???? ”

After quickly grooming and removing the leftover fur from the dog’s body, Xu Ran casually fashioned a cute topknot on its head. He then picked it up and handed it over to the matron, “Done, have a look at the new style.”

After handing the Linglong dog over to the matron, Xu Ran wiped off the beads of sweat on his forehead.

Filling in for Tony, proving to be quite nerve-wracking indeed.

“Achoo!”

In the Starfire Foster Shop in Qingzhou City, while grooming a Flame Fox, Tony suddenly sneezed. He then rubbed his nose, “Strange, why do I feel like someone is missing me?”

“Mr. Tony, I reckon you’re having an illusion.” Sitting at the wall seat inside the grooming room, Su Xiaoxiao couldn’t hold back her forehead smack, “Also, isn’t your grooming taking a bit too long?”

“Too long?” Tony came back to his senses and looked at the Flame Fox lovingly, “No, not long at all.”

Suddenly, Tony’s strange laughter echoed around the grooming room.

“Little fox~hiahiahia~”

Inside the grooming room, Su Xiaoxiao sighed deeply and looked speechlessly at the ceiling.

Being alone while grooming the pet sometimes proved to be quite helpless.

Previously, when Boss Xu was around, she could be felt at ease leaving the Flame Fox alone in the grooming room. But now, even if she accompanied the Flame Fox, she could not shake off her worries.

Tony’s grooming process was truly frightful.

Woohoo, when will Boss Xu return!

An orthodontic bracket popped out in the middle of the night. I must stop here tonight and think about how to tackle this issue… If I sort it out by tomorrow, I’ll make up for the one thousand words that are lacking today with a five thousand words chapter..