Chapter 338 - 205: Home Washing And Protection?

Chapter 338: Chapter 205: Home Washing and Protection?

Translator: 549690339

The middle-aged man followed Xu Ran out of the grooming room after returning the pet beast to its original place.

“Young sir, what is your last name?”

The middle-aged man slowly spoke, his voice already treating Xu Ran as an equal, and not condescending due to his own powerful status as a King-Level Beast Master.

“No need for pleasantries, my last name is Xu.” Xu Ran responded politely.

“Alright, Boss Xu.” The middle-aged man looked at Xu Ran, his eyes filled with some emotion, “I never thought I’d find the technique that I’ve been searching for in a young man like you.”

“Let me introduce myself, my name is Hui Hetian, and I am the owner of Huiyun Foster Shop.”

“Huiyun Foster Shop?” Xu Ran looked at him with surprise.

When Jin Mingzhu came yesterday, he mentioned that the short-haired woman who had come with her but didn’t spend money in the shop was the daughter of the Huiyun Foster Shop owner and currently in charge.

As for the owner of Huiyun Foster Shop, he stopped running the shop a long time ago and has a somewhat mysterious status, with rumors hinting at quite a bit of power.

Looking at the demeanor, temperament, and strength of the man before him, these rumors might not be unfounded.

The fact that this man was willing to reveal his identity after the grooming process might not be for the same reason as Jin Mingzhu.

“Nice to meet you, Boss Hui.” Xu Ran looked at the middle-aged man before him, “Aside from pet beast grooming, you must have other matters to discuss with me, right?”

“I like dealing with smart people.” Hui Hetian nodded, “I hope that you can do me a favor and help groom a certain pet beast.”

“If it’s just grooming, you can bring the beast that needs grooming to our shop, we can accommodate any pet beast within the Super Large Size range.”

“The problem is…” Hui Hetian gave a helpless wry smile, “It’s a giant pet beast at the General Stage.”

“A giant pet beast?” Xu Ran’s face showed surprise.

In the category of Transcendent Beings, giants usually refer to those with a body size between thirty and two hundred meters.

Although for many Transcendent Beings, the stronger ones are usually larger, this growth is limited and most Transcendent Beings below the King Stage would not exceed the Super Large Size category.

Only a small part of the Transcendent Beings, those with unique talents in terms of size, could possibly break through this category.

So far, Xu Ran hasn’t seen many giant Transcendent Beings.

The first one was the carcass of the Giant Beast below Thunderbolt Half Mountain. That suspected King Stage Beast was too meters long, fitting into the giant category.

However, after Xu Ran and the three little ones had seen a real King Stage Pet Beast, they made a preliminary judgment that the Giant Beast was definitely more powerful and might have been a Beast Emperor or an Overlord Stage Transcendent Being that hadn’t reached Beast Emperor yet.

The second one was the hundred-meter-long Four-winged Tiger summoned by the Deputy Chairman of the Xieyun City Beast Master Association when they first arrived in Xieyun City.

That Beast was also at the Overlord Stage.

The third one was Cancan after evolving to the Leadership Stage.

Unlike the previous two, Cancan was able to reach this size at the Leadership Stage purely due to its special talents.

“Boss Hui, you’ve seen the situation of our shop.” Xu Ran pointed at the Grooming Room, “I may not be able to groom a giant pet beast in such an environment.”

“I heard that there are a few grooming rooms in Xieyun City that can groom giant Pet Beasts.” Xu Ran paused slightly before continuing, “Why didn’t you approach them?”

“Their techniques aren’t up to my requirements.” Hui Hetian shook his head, a hint of helplessness on his face, “You may not know, Boss Xu, that before I ran Huiyun Foster Shop, I was the captain of a Hunting Squad.”

“Thanks to my strength and excellent ability to make friends, I made many friends who are General Stage and King Stage Beast Masters during my time as the captain of the Hunting Squad.”

“And that is why Huiyun Foster Shop has always done well – those Beast Masters are more willing to entrust their pet beasts and those of their relatives and friends to our service due to our past relationship.”

A glint of understanding appeared in Xu Ran’s eyes.

So that’s the truth behind the powerful background rumoured outside.

However, in a big city like Xieyun City, there are only a few Overlord Level Beast Masters and only Chairman Fang at the Emperor Level. Under these circumstances, a group of General Stage and King Stage Beast Masters sticking together is indeed a force that can’t be ignored.

He didn’t speak because he knew that what the other party would say next might be related to his plea for help.

“I have a friend who was in the same Hunting Squad as me.” There was a nostalgic look on Hui Hetian’s face, “We fought side by side for more than a decade. After I quit, he continued.”

“Awhile ago, he also quit and came to find me.”

“The reason he quit has to do with one of his Pet Beasts.”

“That Beast is called the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast – the giant pet beast I mentioned just now.”

“This beast has a very serious state of imbalance. Ordinary grooming can no longer improve its condition. Its deterioration has even affected its health, and its vitality has progressively declined over time.”

“That serious?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but look more shocked.

He had never heard of a state of imbalance so bad it threatened a creature’s life.

“This may have to do with its nature as a Transcendent Being of energy.” Hui Hetian slightly shook his head, “Treating it only alleviates its symptoms but doesn’t solve the root problem. Hence, a person with perfect grooming skills is needed.”

“I’ve been looking around for him for a long time, even considering going to the nearest First-level Capital.” Hui Hetian looked at Xu Ran, “Fortunately, I found you.”

“Your foster shop doesn’t have enough space, but that’s not a problem.” Hui Hetian paused slightly, “The grooming room of Huiyun Foster Shop can accommodate giant pet beasts, if you don’t mind, I can arrange for the grooming to be done there.”

“If you can help with the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast issue, consider it a favour that I, Hui Hetian, owe you.” Hui Hetian spoke seriously.

After a slight silence, a thoughtful expression appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Having been armed with a wealth of knowledge and experience in pet beast grooming by the system, he could handle the grooming process well even in other shops’ grooming rooms.

So the only trouble for him would be…

He would need to suspend his business.

It would take at least half a day to groom a giant pet beast.

“Squeak-”

As Xu Ran was deep in thought, the back door of the shop was quietly opened.

The three little ones popped their heads out from the back door and appeared beside Xu Ran.

Their six-hour training time had ended, and just like yesterday, these three little ones were planning to rush to the Beast Trainer Ranking.

“Go ahead, I’ll come over when I finish my business.” Xu Ran tossed the Beast Master Badge to them, remembering his bet with Mu Yunchao yesterday. @@novelbin@@

Watching the excited backs of the three little ones, Xu Ran’s gaze fell on Cancan. Only when the three little ones completely disappeared did he thoughtfully withdraw his gaze.

“The potential of Boss Xu’s pet beasts is extraordinary.” Hui Hetian chuckled, having had the good sense not to interrupt earlier, “I wonder what Boss Xu thinks about my suggestion just now?”

“Borrowing the grooming room of your Huiyun Foster Shop to groom that giant pet beast is fine.” Xu Ran thought for a moment and then spoke slowly, “However, I have a condition.”

“Go ahead.” Hui Hetian’s eyes lit up.

The youth in front of him agreeing so easily put him in a good mood.

As long as the other’s condition was not excessive, he wouldn’t mind.

“After finishing grooming that pet beast, I need to borrow your grooming room to groom another giant pet beast.” Xu Ran stated his condition.

Just now when he saw Cancan, he suddenly remembered that he hadn’t groomed Cancan for a long time since Cancan completed its evolution and broke through to the Leadership Stage.

A look of surprise crossed Hui Hetian’s face.

He hadn’t expected Xu Ran’s condition to be so simple, and he gained a bit more favor and admiration for the young man in front of him.

“No problem!”

Naturally, Hui Hetian readily agreed to this simple request.

“Then it’s settled.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, “The Starfire Foster Care Shop will be temporarily closed tomorrow, and I’ll come to your Huiyun Foster Shop in the morning.”

“Then we look forward to your visit, Boss Xu!” Hui Hetian laughed heartily, his eyes filled with excitement.

Having seen Xu Ran’s grooming skills, he felt as though he could see the picture of his old friend’s pet beast completely emerging from its current gloom.

After making specific arrangements, Hui Hetian got up and left the Starfire Foster Shop.

A short-haired girl who had been waiting for a few hours on the other side of the street suddenly stood up and quickly appeared in front of Hui Hetian.

“Dad, what’s the situation with this shop?”

“Starfire…” Hui Hetian smacked his forehead.

In his eagerness to invite Xu Ran to groom his old friend’s pet beast, he had forgotten to check the foster and training areas of the Starfire Foster Shop.

But… it seemed there was no need anymore.

“That is a very impressive foster shop.” Hui Hetian’s expression was grave and serious, “Don’t underestimate it because it has just opened its doors, but I believe that this shop is bound to surpass the Beast Washing Foster Store.” “Really that amazing?” Surprise colored Hui Xingwei’s face.

She knew her father, whom she has always held in high regard, would not be wrong.

She hadn’t thought this seemingly ordinary shop could be so impressive. No wonder Sister Jin had that reaction yesterday.

“Let’s go, we’re going back.” Hui Hetian chuckled and started walking back the way they had come.

Seeing Hui Hetian’s relaxed expression, Hui Xingwei blinked and then with her hands behind her back, she followed light-footedly, “Dad, you seem to be in a good mood?”

“Yes, because we’ve settled the matter of your Uncle Zhou.”

“Huh?”

Three thousand words, four thousand for the second chapter, rush, rush, rush