Chapter 348 - 211: Happiness Returns For The Three

Chapter 348: Chapter 211: Happiness Returns for the Three

Little Ones! _2

Translator: 549690339

“Meow?” (Can we help too?)

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun couldn’t help but lift its head, a look of surprise and astonishment appearing in its eyes.

Grooming, in its view, was always something only Xu Ran could do.

Could it help with this?

“Of course you can.” Xu Ran nodded, quickly formulating the bath dew for Cancan, dividing it into portions and putting them in front of Ziyun, “You’re the fastest, you can easily climb onto Cancan’s body.”

“Help me spread the bath dew over different parts of its body.”

“Meow-” (No problem!)

Hearing that there was something it could do, Ziyun quickly nodded in agreement.

It picked up a portion of the bath dew, and suddenly a thunderbolt flashed on its body. In the next moment, it easily turned into an afterimage, climbing onto Cancan’s head, over a hundred meters high, and poured the bath dew from the top of its head.

“Charming”

Cancan obediently stood still, feeling the bath dew pouring onto its head and flowing down between its scales. Taking away a month’s worth of dirt and bringing a slightly warm touch, a nostalgic look appeared on its face.

This feeling… it loved it!

Every portion of bath dew that Ziyun poured seemed insignificant compared to Cancan’s massive body, but it had an advantage: speed.

After leaving a second thunderbolt trace on Cancan’s head, Ziyun returned to its original place in an instant, picked up the second portion of bath dew, and returned to Cancan’s head, pouring the new bath dew next to the area it just washed.

The technique ‘Step on Electric Traces’, which had reached the Full Moon Level, had become a godly skill for rapid transfer under its skilled control. As it moved so fast, it even created a continuous feeling like using a showerhead.

More and more bath dew, carrying the dirt on and between Cancan’s scales, slid down Cancan’s massive head like a waterfall, leaving a winding stream on the ground, pooling toward the drain.

Some of it flowed back from Cancan’s hind brain, along its long fur towards its hard scales and robust body, finally falling to the ground along its limbs.

“Xi Lu~” (I’ll help too!)

Watching this scene, Star whined out loud. @@novelbin@@

At this moment, it understood where it could help.

An illusory chain stretched instantly from its body and connected to Ziyun. Hidden within it, immense energy surged, rapidly compensating for the significant consumption caused by Ziyun’s quick and repeated usage of ‘Step on Electric Traces’.

Having found where they could help, the two little creatures began to help Xu Ran steadily wet Cancan’s body, and then began to wipe and care for it one area at a time.

“Charming-” (It feels so good-)

Feeling the grooming of one man and two pets working together, Cancan comfortably closed its eyes, its expression relaxing.

Feeling the warm flow of water continuously flowing down its body, wetting it, a sense of heaviness and fatigue instantly evaporated into thin air.

Time ticked by, and Xu Ran finished grooming one of Cancan’s claws. Standing on a stool, he wiped the fine sweat off his forehead, looked up at Cancan’s muscular body connected to the claw.

“Xi Lu~” (I’m coming!)

Star let out a whine, voluntarily moved to Xu Ran’s side, hoisted him up, and then with a kick of its hooves, it easily landed on Cancan’s scales.

“Well done.” Xu Ran patted Star’s mane, then stood on the scales and waved at Cancan, “Come here!”

“Charming-”

Cancan turned its slender head around and moved it in front of Xu Ran.

Looking at Cancan’s big head, Xu Ran took out a brush and began to gently scrub its cheeks and other parts of its head.

“Meow-” (I’ll help too!)

Jumping to Xu Ran’s side, Ziyun who had been carefully observing Xu Ran’s movements soon revealed an eager look.

It got a second brush from somewhere, stood on Cancan’s head, and started to help with the brushing, imitating Xu Ran’s movements.

Seeing that Ziyun could help too, Star didn’t want to be outdone.

It looked around, and quickly left Cancan’s back.

When it came back, each of its four hooves was tied with a small brush.

“Shhhh-”

The sound of brushing resonated on the scales with Star’s movements.

Amid the bustling efforts of one man and two pets, Cancan’s body visibly became cleaner. Every scale on its body had been finely polished, reflecting a bright luster under the light.

The silky hair on the back of Cancan’s head also became fluffy, and a slight breeze could blow it into a majestic flutter.

“Alright, it’s Ziyun’s turn for grooming next.” As soon as Xu Ran, who had readied the grooming supplies for Ziyun, began speaking, Cancan, now feeling refreshed after being groomed, responded.

“Charming!” (I want to help!)

After the declaration, it started to shrink its body.

However, Cancan did not shrink back to its previous size but reduced to roughly twenty meters.

Then, it easily snatched the bath dew prepared for Ziyun from Xu Ran and doused Ziyun’s head with it.

“Whoosh–”

In an instant, Ziyun’s elegant fur was soaked and stuck to its body, turning it into a drowned rat.

Ziyun: owo

“The grooming is done, and now it’s time to return to the shop.”

Gazing at the rejuvenated trio in front of him, Xu Ran stretched out contentedly, “Thanks to your help, the grooming went faster than expected,” he glanced at the sky, “We can even open the shop for a while.”

“Charming!” (Then I will train for six hours!)

The once again petite Cancan lifts its head high, its eyes filled with a warrior’s spirit.

However, its slightly blue eye socket made its declaration of battle a bit comical.

The artist of this eye socket was of course Ziyun, who was lazily lying on Cancan’s back.

All because this creature suddenly doused it with a bucket of bath dew.

When the one man and three pets exited the grooming room, business at the Huiyun Foster Shop had picked up. Seeing Hui Hetian and her daughter busy with customers, Xu Ran just greeted them briefly and snuck out with the pets.

Soon, they returned to Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Although the shop had a “Suspended Business” sign hanging, there were still people waiting outside the shop door.

A stunning woman stood quietly at the entrance and, noticing Xu Ran’s return, turned her head to look, “It appears I’ve arrived just in time.”

“Fang Yuling?” Xu Ran’s face showed a hint of surprise, and he silently admired the woman’s remarkable pace.

She said she would come yesterday, and here she is today.

“Have you been waiting long?” Xu Ran dismounted and opened the shop door, casually asking.

“Not long, six minutes,” Fang Yuling nonchalantly replied as she stepped into the shop, “I never wait for anyone for more than seven minutes.”

“Does seven minutes hold some special meaning?” Hearing Fang Yuling’s strange rule, Xu Ran, unable to suppress his curiosity, asked.

“It’s not a good number.” Fang Yuling said, walking into the shop and glancing at the price menu, nodding slightly, “As expected, quite expensive.”

Before Xu Ran could explain that the services provided at his shop were worth the price, Fang Yuling added another comment, “Put it on Mu Yunchao’s tab.”

“Alright, no problem.” Xu Ran swallowed his prepared words and simply nodded, “Which pet do you want groomed?”

“This one.” As Fang Yuling spoke, a hexagram array of starlight unfurled behind her.

Revealed amidst the energy storm was a slightly thin pet beast flying out.

It was an insect-like creature, the low hum emitted by its three pairs of wings beating rhythmically in the air. Explosive power surged through its slender legs; its four front claws, located right next to its shoulders, were reminiscent of arms.

The creature, with a posture somewhat similar to a human’s, had a long tail and sharp tail needle, giving an eerie feel.

Ziyun’s unique eyes narrowed significantly, eying this pet beast with wariness.

“Meow…” (This guy is so powerful!)