Chapter 340 - 206: Mu Yunchao'S Bewilderment-2

Chapter 340: Chapter 206: Mu Yunchao’s Bewilderment-2

Translator: 549690339@@novelbin@@

Such a strange character.

However, Fang Yuling’s puzzled gaze quickly fades, replaced by a look of

surprise and confusion.

The gap between this guy’s strength shown in the previous communication and his current status on the Beast Trainer Ranking seems a bit too large, doesn’t it?

Comparing the past and the present, Fang Yuling’s gaze at Xu Ran suddenly becomes more guarded.

This guy, won’t his ranking threaten mine soon, will it?

“Let’s go. We are heading to Area C02.”

Xu Ran takes a deep breath and slowly speaks.

Tomorrow is the day of the Beast Master Points settlement.

Today, the three little ones have gone through all the previous rankings again, refreshing their test scores. Apart from Ziyun, who didn’t use his Scarlet Battle Intent, the three little ones gave it their all.

Now, it’s time to finalize the three rankings of the Beast Masters.

I wonder how many Beast Master Points the three little ones and I can get as rewards after tomorrow’s first weekly settlement.

“Let’s go!” Mu Yunchao shouts, following beside Xu Ran, and they walk towards Area C02 side by side together.

Feeling a bit awkward to see Xu Ran accompanied by three pet beasts while he himself has none, a Hexagram Star Array lights up behind Mu Yunchao’s head and three pet beasts walk out of it one after another.

The first one to come out is a peculiarly shaped human-shaped pet beast. It looks like a puppet from a shadow play, with each of its joints connected by threads.

One end of these threads is connected to the puppet pet beast, and the other

end extends upwards into unknown areas.

Due to this, its movements look quite stiff, like an invisible hand controlling it from behind, which gives people a slight feeling of horror.

Super Ability King Species, Sky Mystery.

At the moment of its appearance, Xu Ran couldn’t help but take an extra look.

This was the first time he had seen such a bizarre pet beast.

So the question now is,

How to wash and protect the Sky Mystery?

After the Sky Mystery appears, the second pet beast shows up with heavy steps following behind Mu Yunchao.

It is a dog type pet beast with a particularly robust body, roughly five meters long. Unlike ordinary dog type pet beasts, it has a ring of peculiarly shaped fur wrapping around its neck.

The interweaving fur forms a shield that is as large as its body, flashing a metallic cold light.

Earth Attribute King Species, Steel Shield Dog.

A handful of Beast Masters in Xieyun City possess this King Species, which is

famous for its defense.

The current first place in defensive power also belongs to a Steel Shield Dog but

not Mu Yunchao’s.

The Steel Shield Dog evolved from Earth System Lead Species, Earthrock Dog.

An evolution rule was found quite early on. Over time, a relatively stable evolution method was summarized and gradually spread with time.

This is actually a rudimentary evolution path, far riskier than the evolution path Xu Ran obtained directly from the system. But it is much better than guessing the evolution purely based on luck.

Only a second level town like Xieyun City has the capability to implement this.

After all, a large number of Beast Masters capable of evolution must exist to summarize the evolution rules.

Training Beast Masters and pet beasts requires resources.

And the level of resource accumulation is closely related to the strength of the

Beast Field.

More resources mean higher risks.

Looking at the shimmering metallic shield of the Steel Shield Dog and thinking that the one who surpasses him in the defensive ranking is part of the same species as this creature before his eyes, Cancan has a slight sense of dissatisfaction in his eyes.

This thing doesn’t appear to be as hard as his shell!

Once he further improves his strength, the first place in the defensive ranking will definitely be his!

After the Steel Shield Dog, the final creature that appears from the wild wind is a bug type pet beast with the shape of a bee, flapping its wings. Its six tentacles and tail end all have chillingly sharp long needles, appearing quite threatening.

Wind Attribute King Species, Poison Stinger Mad Bee!

At the moment the Poison Stinger Mad Bee showed up, Ziyun seemed to sense something and turned his head to look. A flicker of purple electricity passed through his unusual eyes.

It’s a shame that the Beast Trainer Ranking competition does not involve direct combat.

Otherwise, he would like to test the strength of this opponent before him.

“Who’s first?”

With the summoning of the three pet beasts, the two of them had already arrived at the entrance of the C02 test field. Seemingly, thinking that summoning all his pet beasts would make him look more imposing than Xu Ran, Mu Yunchao’s tone became somewhat arrogant.

“You go first,” Xu Ran said calmly with a smile, pointing to the entrance of the testing ground. “I won’t compete with you for it.”

“Heh!” Mu Yunchao chuckled. “It seems that you also know that in the Beast Trainer Rankings, those who rush in first are usually overtaken.

“But!” A new level of self-confidence shined in Mu Yunchao’s eyes, “I, Mu Yunchao, choose not to abide by this superstition!

“I create my destiny, it doesn’t control me!”

“Wait and watch!” Mu Yunchao made a taunting hand gesture towards Xu Ran.

“I’m about to establish a score that you can’t reach.”

“Old Qu, you should be careful too!” Mu Yunchao turned to point at Qu City who had followed them, “I might even surpass you by accident!”

After saying that, Mu Yunchao turned and walked inside the testing area. Outside the testing area, Qu City shook his head, chuckling and sighing simultaneously, “This guy…”

Even Fang Yuling, standing nearby, couldn’t resist her curiosity and started asking questions.

“Has he always been this arrogant?”

“Yes,” answered Qu City, nodding. “Always this arrogant.”

“Why are you friends with him then?” Xu Ran asked, his curiosity piqued by the conversation.

At the question, a look of melancholy crossed Qu City’s face.

“Well, that’s a long story…”

Xu Ran & Fang Yuling: “Could you give us the short version?”

“Alright, I’ll keep it brief…”

Under their relentless probes, Qu City began to narrate the story of how they’d met and become friends.

Time flew by, and Qu City finished retelling the story about them. Meanwhile, the doors to the testing ground opened, revealing a glowing and excited Mu Yunchao.

“Almost surpassed you.” Mu Yunchao grinned at Qu City, then turning to Xu

Ran he added, “It’s your turn now.”

Xu Ran looked up, observing the current Beast Trainer Pet Beast Team Power Listing.

While standing at the entrance of the testing field, he could clearly see the third ranking on the hundred-meter tall leaderboard.

“Third place, Mu Yunchao, Pet Beast Team Power: 341221

“See that!” Mu Yunchao smugly patted Xu Ran on the shoulder, “I didn’t even use my full strength yesterday!”

As he spoke, a tiny pang echoed in his heart.

In his quest for rapid advancement, he had spent quite a bit of his Beast Master points on various items for his three pet beasts.

Seeing that accomplishment, Xu Ran’s face wore a look of surprise.

He improved so much again?

This Mu Yunchao, he’s quite impressive.

“It’s our turn now.” Xu Ran nodded, looking towards the three little ones standing beside him.

In response to him, the three of them stared back with determination and fighting spirit in their eyes.

The four of them entered the testing area together and the entrance door closed automatically.

Looking at Xu Ran and his three pets disappearing inside, Mu Yunchao let out a chuckle, nudging Qu City standing beside him, “Old Qu, if you don’t pick up pace, I’m going to overtake you!”

At the sound of Mu Yunchao’s gleeful words, Qu City’s mouth twitched slightly. Seeing such quick progress in Mu Yunchao’s abilities, he couldn’t deny feeling a sense of urgency.

At the moment, the difference in team power between him and Mu Yunchao was barely two digits, which was almost negligible.

“I shall make a dash for it again later!” Qu City took a deep breath and slowly declared his intent.

“Even if you dash, it won’t be enough, you’ve plateaued and can’t create a substantial gap” chuckled Mu Yunchao, “I’ll let you have this one. For now, I’ll take third. But by the time we hit the next weekly score aggregation, I’ll be definitely the…”

“Dong- ”

Before he could finish, a pervasive tolling of a bell echoed in the Beast Trainer Ranking area.

Mu Yunchao’s laughter came to a sudden halt.

Seeing the names of the current second, third and fourth place holders in the Leadership Level Beast Trainer Pet Beast Team Power List lit up, watching Xu Ran’s name first surpass his, then Qu City’s. Mu Yunchao’s laughter drained away, replaced by deep perplexity.

“What?”