Chapter 347 - 211: Happiness Returns For The Three Little Ones! _1

Chapter 347: Chapter 211: Happiness Returns for the Three Little Ones! _1

Translator: 549690339

“Oooh~—”

Listened to the constant sounds of pleasure and joy from the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast echoing in the grooming room, which were progressively growing stronger with time, no longer as the feeble groaning when he first came in. the expressions on their faces of Zhou Han and the father and daughter of the Hui family were all shock.

This Giant Spirit Cloud Beast had once been groomed in Huiyun Foster Shop. Although its appearance had improved a lot after the previous grooming, its essence didn’t improve much because its momentum carried a clear sense of decline.

At this moment, accompanying the grooming process, the threesome could clearly feel that the conditions of the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast were rapidly improving, its energy progressively increasing, creating a sense of returning to peak vitality.

“This…” Zhou Han’s eyes were red-rimmed, locking eyes with the refreshing Giant Lingyun Beast, this solid man couldn’t help but tear up due to the excitement.

His pet beast was going to be saved!

In this moment, Zhou Han felt remorse for his previous rudeness and recklessness.

Hui Hetian slapped his old friend’s shoulder, his face contained a mixture of emotion as he watched Xu Ran, still in grooming, he couldn’t help but admire him more.

Even though they had known about this young man possessing such wonderful grooming techniques, seeing him groom the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast with their own eyes, was still jaw-dropping.

It was as if unwinding a cocoon, stripping one wisp after another of the cloud that formed the body of the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast. If the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast had a body of flesh and blood, it could be described as a process of washing the marrow and cutting the bone.

“Whew…”

After an unknown period of time, Xu Ran wiped the sweat from his forehead and paused the vacuum.

The next moment, everything in his vision was replaced by a flurry of white clouds.

Within the cloud, Xu Ran could vaguely feel the body and warm power.

That was the hug of the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast expressing its gratitude.

“Big fellow, it’s really easy to groom you.” Xu Ran laughed and patted the body of the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast.

He originally thought that his first time grooming giant pet beasts would be much more troublesome than super-large pet beasts, but due to the unique structure of the Giant Lingyun Beast’s body, the whole grooming process became so simple.

All he needed to do was to keep changing the bath dew used to clean the clouds that made up its body.

With the active cooperation of the Giant Lingyun Beast, the efficiency of the grooming was surprisingly high.

“Boss Xu, thank you so much.” Zhou Han strode forward, his face full of gratitude. He reached out his hands to firmly shake Xu Ran’s hand, “If it weren’t for you, I really wouldn’t know what to do with Big White.”

“I just happened to know how to groom it, that’s all.” Xu Ran was not complacent, he shook his head slightly, “All credits should go to Elder Hui, if it weren’t for him finding me and lending me the space in Huiyun Foster Shop, I wouldn’t have known about this.”

“What I did is just a little thing that is not worth mentioning.” Hui Hetian chuckled, stepped forward, “According to the previous agreement, the grooming room of Huiyun Fosterage can be loaned to you today.”

“I won’t stand on ceremony then.” Xu Ran smiled and turned to Cancan.”

“Charming!” (Watch me enlarge!)

Cancan yelled excitedly, then in the stunned gaze of the crowd, the little guy following Xu Ran transformed into a giant beast over 100 meters tall.

The Giant Spirit Cloud Beast’s, with its hefty body, looked like a child when it was in front of Cancan. Its large body had muscled the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast into a corner in the grooming room.

Lucky for it, its body was made up of clouds, so it wasn’t sterilized by this.

“This…” Looking at Cancan’s huge size, even Hui Hetian’s face was full of shock, “Is this its original body size?!”

Zhou Han’s Giant Spirit Cloud Beast was already considered very large in the General stage.

They did not expect at all that the little pet who was just a Leader Stage beast in the growth stage would actually have such an outrageous true body size.

Thinking about this, Hui Hetian couldn’t help but turned his gaze towards Star and Ziyun.

I hope these two won’t also…

Under Hui Hetian’s gaze, Star and Ziyun also dismissed the shrinking effects of their bodies and returned to their original sizes. @@novelbin@@

However, compared to the excessively large Cancan, their sizes were much more normal.

Judging by Star’s size, it could be considered a Large Pet Beast. Even if Ziyun returned to its original size, it would still only be a medium-sized pet beast.

Seeing that these two didn’t also grow to be so big, Hui Hetian couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief.

If these two were also that big, his grooming room might not fit them all.

However…

This way, Hui Hetian understood why Xu Ran needed to continue borrowing his grooming room.

“Cancan’s size is too large.” Xu Ran patted Cancan’s claw. In front of Cancan’s claw, his hand seemed incredibly small. Just the sharp claw edge alone was over five meters long. “So, I can’t groom it in my shop.”

Indeed, it’s too large. Hui Hetian nodded in agreement, then he took his daughter and old friend and left. “Then we’ll leave first.”

He knows that for the upcoming time, Xu Ran probably wouldn’t want them to participate.

As a Beast Master, Hui Hetian understood that for a Beast Master who knows how to groom, grooming their own pet beasts was the most intimate moment.

Soon, the door to the grooming room was closed, and only one human and three pets remained inside the room.

“Let’s first groom Cancan together.” Looking at Ziyun and Star waiting quietly on the side, as well as Cancan, who lowered his huge head from the air, his face full of expectation, Xu Ran smiled..