Chapter 346 - 210: Washing And Caring For The

Chapter 346: Chapter 210: Washing and Caring for the

Giant Pet Beast 1

Translator: 549690339

A skin monkey slid down the large rock elephant’s nose, attempted to catch a small firebird in mid-air, but ended up landing disheartedly on a tree trunk. This scene amused the pet beasts around, causing them to break into laughter. The small firebird that had successfully dodged the monkey circled high above its head, seemingly mocking it with a series of chirps.

Further away, a water trumpet creature emerged from the lake and sprayed a splendid fountain of water into the air. The water droplets eventually fell onto the pet beasts eagerly waiting around, resulting in joyous splashes and laughter.

However, a fire pig that happened to be passing by was unfortunately caught in the showered, it grumbled and ran off, bumping into several grain mice and triggered another riotous scene.

Silently watching these happenings, a look of admiration appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

While the foster area of Starfire Foster Shop was plentiful, he had never witnessed such a lively scene before.

There were roughly more than a hundred pet beasts being fostered there. The number was more than the maximum limit of Starfire Foster, but it didn’t feel crowded at all.

The demands of different pet beasts varied, and these needs were organically combined here.

It’s hard to say if this foster shop or his store is better.

Although he has the system, there are still aspects of other foster shops that are worth learning.

“Elder Hui, do other foster shops also foster in this way?” Xu Ran asked curiously.

“Of course not.” It was not Hui Hetian who answered, but Hui Xingwei standing beside him.

With evident pride on her face, she proclaimed, “Although we can’t foster pet beasts above the king stage or giant pet beasts, this model is indeed the only one in XieyunCity!”

“I see.” Looking at Hui Hetian, Xu Ran couldn’t help but humbly ask, “Elder Hui, how did you come up with this model of fostership?”

“It’s a fun story,” Hui Hetian smiled, “Thanks to my past experience in the hunting squad.”

“You know, hunting squads often have to exterminate small supernatural creature nests outside the city or way off creatures who came near to Xieyun City.”

“In the process, I was naturally exposed to the living habits of many wild supernatural creatures.” Hui Hetian paused slightly, “Unlike pet beasts cultivated by beast masters, there is a wide variety of species in the wild.” “Among these various species, besides the relationship of hunting and preying on each other, there also exists harmonious coexistence.”

“As a competent captain of a hunting squad, I had to try my best to understand the habits of as many supernatural creatures as possible, and I had done quite some research on this.” Hui Hetian smiled, “So, the current foster model of Huiyun Foster Shop was born.”

“I understand.” Xu Ran nodded slowly.

According to Hui Hetian’s introduction, this warm foster model references the way wild super creatures coexist in the beast field.

This type of foster not only saves space but also allows every pet beast to enjoy a comfortable environment and companions to interact with all day and night. Leaving your pet beast here probably feels like dropping your child off at kindergarten.

“Various other foster shops also tried to imitate this foster model.” Hui Xingwei had a proud look on her face, “But they lacked my father’s experience, their imitation was shallow and over time various problems arose, resulting in them having to abandon the idea.”

“Experience…” Xu Ran muttered, a contemplative expression surfacing on his face.

If it’s about experience, he seemed to have a solution.

Whenever a pet beast is fostered at his shop, the system will provide the respective food formula, but along with it, it also explains the habits of various pet beasts.

Building upon this foundation, he could also try to reform his foster area in a similar way. This would give pet beasts an additional choice.

Those who like solitude can reside alone, while those who enjoy companionship can live together.

If they did that…

Wouldn’t that lead to even greater pleasure value?

“I learned a lot.” Xu Ran nodded seriously.

“Ring ring–” Hui Hetian’s cellphone timely rang. After picking up the phone, he soon looked up at Xu Ran, “My friend has arrived.”

“Then let’s go to grooming.” Xu Ran was a bit excited.

This was his first time grooming a giant pet beast. After finishing the grooming session for the giant, he should be able to arrange something for the three little ones as well.

Thinking about this, Xu Ran turned his head to look at the three little ones.

Excitement flashed across the faces of the three little ones, Cancan especially. Only heaven knows how long it’s been since Cancan had enjoyed Xu Ran’s grooming session after evolving. However, grooming can only be done in a normal state, and cannot be performed when shrunk. Xu Ran was helpless about this.

Now that they could borrow someone else’s bathhouse for grooming, Cancan couldn’t wait!

In addition to Cancan, Ziyun was equally excited.

Even though he didn’t say anything, coming third on the beauty ranking has always been a thorn in Ziyun’s heart.

It was definitely due to the lack of grooming!

After a grooming session, it must secure the first position! @@novelbin@@

The three humans and three pet beasts exited the foster area, quickly identifying a pet beast shrouded in clouds, standing tall around fifty meters, emitting fluctuations of general-ranked power, in the hall area of Huiyun Foster Shop.

However, it was different from any other general-ranked beast Xu Ren has seen before.

Its power fluctuation had a clear sense of weakening.

Such a power fluctuation often appears on seriously injured pet beasts. The giant spirit cloud beast in front of him had no injuries, yet it was in serious decline, which was indeed unusual.

A slightly short but muscular man stood in front of the giant spirit cloud beast. Seeing Hui Hetian, his eyes lit up and quickly approached.

“Bro Tian!” The man yelled and hugged Hui Hetian tightly, then he looked at

Xu Ran, “Is this the Boss Xu who can clean and care for White?”

“Yes, it is him.” Hui Hetian pointed to the man and introduced him to Xu Ran, “My friend, Zhou Han.”

“Nice to meet you.” The man extended his hand to Xu Ran with a look of concern on his face, “Time is of the essence, please, Boss Xu, start as soon as possible.”

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded.

Having seen the condition of the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast, he knew the sooner the cleaning is carried out, the better.

Without wasting more words, they quickly occupied the entire grooming room with the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast.

Xu Ran stood on the care platform, looking up at the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast’s towering body, then he turned around to select resources and prepared for the grooming.

In his mind, relevant knowledge about the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast has appeared.

Ordinary pet beasts would not have a drastic deterioration in condition, even threatening life, due to the lack of grooming for a long time.

But there is one kind of pet beast that is an exception.

That is the Energy Body Pet Beast.

These fleshless pet beasts can be fatal if they do not wash and care for a long time. The current status of the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast is the best proof.

It needs a thorough grooming that can repair its condition in order to hope to eliminate the current negative impact.

And this happens to be within Xu Ran’s abilities.

“Bro Tian, Boss Xu looks very young?”, Zhou Han who was observing in the corner of the grooming room couldn’t help but whisper quietly to Hui Hetian, “Is he really okay?”

“Old Zhou, trust me.”, Hui Hetian patted Zhou Han’s shoulder, “If he can’t do it either, then I’m afraid there’s no one else in Xieyun City who can.”

With the completion of Xu Ran’s preparations, he now had a modified vacuum cleaner in his hands.

The opening of the vacuum cleaner expanded to a diameter of a meter, which was rather astonishing.

“What is this…” Doubts rose in Zhou Han’s mind again and he couldn’t help but look at Hui Hetian.

Hui Hetian’s mouth twitched slightly.

He also couldn’t figure out what Xu Ran was planning to do.

The next moment, a deep humming sound came from the vacuum cleaner.

The vacuum cleaner, aimed at the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast, started up.

Although the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast has a large body, its physical form is composed of cloud-like energy inside, with a large amount of cloud and fog drifting outside the beast.

These clouds, under the suction of the vacuum cleaner, could not help but flow towards the vacuum cleaner and then pour into it.

“Grunt-”

The Giant Spirit Cloud Beast moved its body, emitting a low voice.

Absorbing such a small amount of cloud and mist wouldn’t cause it discomfort, it just gave it a feeling of slight itching, like a mosquito bite.

And that whiff of cloud and mist poured into the vacuum cleaner, flew out from the other side of the vacuum cleaner, and quickly merged back into the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast’s body.

“What is he doing?” Discontent appeared on Zhou Han’s face.

Over the years, Zhou Han, who had closely lived with the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast, used to play with it in a similar way because of its special body structure. But now the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast did not need to play, but needed a thorough grooming!

He couldn’t help but take two steps forward, intending to stop it.

“Don’t fret.” Hui Hetian extended an arm to block Zhou Han, his gaze flickered with a blend of sudden comprehension and surprise, “Boss Xu is giving it a wash now.”

“What?” Zhou Han blinked, looking at Hui Hetian.

If it weren’t for his trust in this former leader of his hunting squad, with whom he had shared life and death, he would have thought he was being duped.

“Listen carefully, look carefully.” Hui Hetian pointed to the distinctive vacuum cleaner in Xu Ran’s hand.

At Hui Hetian’s reminder, Zhou Han calmed down and quickly discovered something abnormal.

The vacuum cleaner was constantly making “gurulu” sounds.

This sound did not sound like a typical vacuum cleaner, but rather like… blowing bubbles underwater.

Not only that, the clouds and mist released from the vacuum cleaner were somewhat different from those that had been sucked in; they seemed to be purified, becoming more ethereal and pure.

Is this…

Zhou Han’s eyes gradually widened, and at the same time, a strange sound echoed in the entire grooming room.

“Grunt—”

It was the cheer of the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast!