Chapter 343 - 208 Start Of Weekly Settlement!_L

Chapter 343: Chapter 208 Start of Weekly Settlement!_l

Translator: 549690339

The next second when the current ranking stopped changing, changes started to appear in the Historical Rankings.

Everyone held their breath, looking at the overall Power Listing that had not undergone any changes in almost a month.

The next moment, the Beast Master who was ranked 500th left in quiet desolation, and the names of those from 499 to 453 all lit up together.

Xu Ran’s name appeared at the 453rd position after all 47 names fell back one place.

“Looks good, doesn’t it?”

Xu Ran’s voice, filled with a hint of amusement, came at just the right time.

He stepped out with the three little ones just in time to see the finalization of the Historical Rankings.

Even though it was only the 453rd place, the gold content of the Beast Master’s list and the Pet Beast Ranking were not the same.

Every Pet Beast excels in different areas. When rushing to the Pet Beast Ranking, they would charge in the direction they are good at, as there are numerous types on the chart. The strong Pet Beasts on the board were actually dispersed.

Take Star for example, its strength is undoubtedly formidable, but besides dusting off all competition on the Velocity Chart, its performance on many other charts is relatively mediocre, and on some, its name isn’t even present.

On these charts where Star’s name could not be found, there were Pet Beasts that excelled in the corresponding directions and were also fiercely strong.

No matter what these Pet Beasts excelled at, they will eventually sprint to the same chart as the Beast Masters – the Beast Master List.

Therefore, there are many tough contenders on the Beast Master List, especially on the Historical Rankings, where all the renowned strong Beast Masters of today can be found at a glance.

To be able to rush into the Historical Rankings, Xu Ran was already very satisfied with the three little ones.

As for the ranking…

The three little ones didn’t even have skills at the Full Moon Level at this moment, so there was still a lot of room for improvement and there was absolutely no need to panic.

Moving his gaze away from the ranking, Xu Ran saw the look of heartache on Mu Yunchao’s face.

“Erm… what’s wrong?” Xu Ran went up to him with a smile, “Is it because I snatched your second place?”

“Don’t worry.” He patted Mu Yunchao’s shoulder, “If you bring your Pet Beast to our shop for a few more Washing and Protection services, I believe there’s hope for you to make a comeback.”

“I…” Hearing Xu Ran’s comforting words, Mu Yunchao strangely felt a hint of taunt in them. He always thought he was arrogant enough, but the young man before him was even more so.

Who comforts people like that?

And do you think your Washing and Protection skills are that exquisite, as to help me improve my combat power with just one session?

“A bet deed’s a dreadful bond, indeed.” Mu Yunchao glanced at Fang Yuling next to him, scoffed, and then turned to leave.

This forsaken place, he had no reason to stay!

Watching the departing figure of Mu Yunchao, now it was Xu Ran’s turn to be confused.

“What bet deed?” Xu Ran looked at Qu City who was still on the spot, wondering, “Did something happen when I tried to climb the ranks?”

“Yunchao and this lady made a bet.” Qu City shook his head helplessly, looking at Fang Yuling, “The stakes are ten times the cost of the Washing and Protection at the Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

“Ah…” Xu Ran was at a loss for words for a moment, looking at Fang Yuling, “Who is this lady?”

Previously, he had been focused on Mu Yunchao and Qu City. Although he had noticed this high-faced value girl, he didn’t pay much attention to her.

Only after hearing Qu City’s words did Xu Ran vaguely sense that the woman was not easy either.

Then remembering that the first place in Double Board was a woman…

It couldn’t be her, could it?

“Fang Yuling.” Fang Yuling replied calmly, then glanced at him deeply, “I’ve been looking forward to your foster care shop, Boss Xu, for a month.”

It seemed that the premonition she had earlier was about to come true.

In a short span of time, Xu Ran had become the second place on the Double Board, his ranking very close to hers.

Even she, who usually thought little of her peers who were Beast Masters, felt a bit anxious.

Looking forward to it for a month?

Xu Ran was surprised at first, and then he remembered that a month ago after coming to Xieyun City, he had placed an advertisement, and his eyes showed a look of realization.

So, was Fang Yuling also present during that interaction a month ago?

“You’re welcome anytime.” In the blink of an eye, Xu Ran opened his mouth with a smile.

“I need to have my Pet Beasts washed and cared for in a couple of days.” Fang Yuling’s voice paused slightly, a touch of mischief appeared in her eyes, “Charge it to Mu Yunchao’s account.”

With that, Fang Yuling walked past Xu Ran and went into testing site C01.

Soon, along with the beam of light shooting towards the sky and the deep tolling of the bell, the Historical Rankings changed again.

Fang Yuling, who was ranked 9th on the Historical Overall Power Listing, advanced three places and became the 6th on the Historical Overall Power Listing.@@novelbin@@

Xu Ran, who had not left yet, looked at Fang Yuling’s name hanging high on the Historical Rankings, and couldn’t help feeling a sense of admiration on his face, “What an amazing Beast Master.”

“Meow-” (Indeed, it’s impressive.)

Ziyun nodded in agreement, a sense of competitiveness appearing in his eyes.

The girl appeared to be around the same age as Xu Ran, and there was no reason why they should be weaker!

Ziyun turned his head to look at Star and Cancan, who also had a competitive sparkle in their eyes.

The short-term goal was to surpass this woman!

“Boss Xu does not need to consider her as a competitor because the gap between us is too big.” In Qu City’s tone, there was a sense of melancholy, “She is the only daughter of Chairman Fang, has an Emperor Level Beast Master as a father, and has a huge advantage in terms of resources.”

“Chairman Fang’s daughter?” Xu Ran was initially shocked, and then he understood.

Both surnamed Fang, both so strong.

Makes sense, too much sense.

Noticing the negative mood of Qu City, Xu Ran patted his shoulder, “Even so, if you strive to become stronger, there’s always a chance to surpass the others.”

“I’m heading back now, see you next time.”

As his words fell, Xu Ran mounted his horse and sped off.

He still had to rush back to feed the inhabitants of his foster care.

The three pet beasts fostered yesterday were already picked up today, but two more new inhabitants had arrived, making five mouths waiting for him to feed.

“Strive to become stronger always has a chance to surpass…” repeating the words uttered by Xu Ran just now, Qu City stared in the direction Xu Ran left, his face filled with more emotions and sighs.

Unlike Mu Yunchao, Xu Ran, Fang Yu Ling, he was already in his thirties, approaching the age of forty in just a few years.

Although the lifespan of a Beast Master would correspondingly increase as their strength grew and they continued to benefit from their pets, no matter what, he’s not young any more at this age.

Unable to break through the threshold of the fourth stage contract power, he became more mature as time went on from the previous youthful vigor just like Mu Yunchao.

That was also the reason why he and Mu Yunchao became good friends. He saw his past self in him.

It was understandable for him to feel frustrated after his once-proud Beast Trainer Ranking was surpassed several times in a row, but Xu Ran’s words seemed to have invigorated him.

Yes, after striving so hard for so many years, isn’t giving up now equivalent to negating all of the past efforts?

Taking in a deep breath, Qu City stepped towards the C02 Test Site.

Working towards the ranking! Getting stronger!

“Ding Ding Ding-”

The clear metallic sound of a spoon and a pot echoed in the foster area on the first basement floor of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Hearing the dinnertime signal, the three pet beasts that had been living at Starfire Foster Care Shop for a few days moved together. The two pet beasts that were fostered today realized the situation from their mates’ actions and excitedly rushed over.

“Kah!”

A cute-looking pet beast approached out of curiosity. It had a blue and white intertwining color all over its body. It hovered in the air without wings and had a long tail. Upon seeing the food bowls beside Xu Ran, its eyes started glowing, and it increased its speed.

“Glutinous Sprite, this is your dinner.” As he looked at the adorable little guy, Xu Ran’s face lit up with a smile. He picked a palm-sized food bowl from among the many food bowls and handed it over.

“Kah!”

Without hands, the Glutinous Sprite had a unique way of receiving things.

Accompanied by its echoing voice, countless fine glittering particles appeared in midair. These particles formed a big hand, caught the food bowl, then formed a spoon, scooped up the food from the bowl, and brought it to its mouth.

Super ability Attribute Two-Star Skill, Telekinesis.

In the same Attribute, there are also different divisions. Super ability can be divided into two directions: Telekinesis and mental power, according to the different effects of their skills.

Telekinesis performs physical attacks over the air with Super ability Attribute power, while mental power uses Super ability Attribute power for the deception and disruption tactics of illusion.

The Velvet Sparrow is the latter, while Glutinous Sprite is the former.

This elite pet beast inhabitant, although it’s the weakest among the five, its rarity, even in grand cities like Xieyun City, is correspondingly enormous.

“Your Beast Master will come to pick you up after three days. Stay here well during these three days.” Xu Ran stretched a hand out, petting the glutinous, spongy head of Glutinous Sprite.

“Kah!”

The Glutinous Sprite nodded vigorously.

With such delicious food here and environment way better than home.

Beast Master? It couldn’t care less about where he goes and messes about!

Moving his gaze from the Glutinous Sprite, Xu Ran looked toward the sudden shadow on the ground, “Treefern Ghost Shadow, this is your food bowl.”

The shadow quickly spread, as if a hand was stretching out.

Xu Ran placed the food bowl on the ground, and next moment, the food bowl slowly sank into the shadow, and only sounds of chewing emanated.

This new Dark Attribute inhabitant was somewhat similar to the Shadow Chaser Lizard, with abilities related to shadows. But what differentiated this Dark Attribute inhabitant was that its existence was in the form of a shadow itself.

This was an extremely peculiar elemental transcendent being.

After giving some special care to the two new inhabitants, Xu Ran distributed the food bowls to the three senior inhabitants.

“Roar!”

The Combat Furball took its food bowl as usual, gratefully nodding towards Xu Ran.

Xu Ran nodded in return, while slightly raising an eyebrow.

Was he imagining things? He always felt that something was a bit off with Combat Furball.

Well, let’s observe it a bit more.

Squashing the doubt in his heart, Xu Ran tidied up the food bowls after the five inhabitants had finished dinner, and returned to the living area on the second floor.

With the moon hanging high in the sky, time arrived at midnight.

“Ding Dong—”

The sound of a notification echoed, awakening Xu Ran from his meditation.

The once-a-week Beast Master List rewards settlement was here!