Chapter 341 - 207: Mu Yunchao’S Second Achievement!

Chapter 341: Chapter 207: Mu Yunchao’s Second Achievement!

Translator: 549690339

Until Xu Ran rejoined Mu Yunchao, a look of disbelief lingered on his face.

Why…why did this happen?!

After all, he had exchanged a King-level resource for each of his pet beasts, all to ensure they achieved better results in today’s race up the rankings.

So, how could Xu Ran surpass his rate of improvement within a single day?!

Standing beside Mu Yunchao, Qu City had an equally unhappy expression. He, too, had lost his current ranking position.

However, he figured out the reason before Mu Yunchao did.

“During this time, he earned over 300,000 Beast Master Points from his historical rankings as a prize for the race.” Qu City said gravely, “Such a massive number of Beast Master points is enough to prepare multiple King-level resources for each pet beast.”

Mu Yunchao was surprised at first, then realization dawned across his face.

So, that’s how it is.

Has he earned that many Beast Master Points from the ranking competitions?

If one were to tally up the points from the first competition, he should have earned this many. After all, like Xu Ran, he was a formidable competitor who had ranked within the top three of the Leadership Level Beast Master’s Double Board.

Unlike Xu Ran, however, he earned his Beast Master Points gradually through his own and his pet beasts’ improvements. Most of these points had been spent toward their progress immediately.

“Damn nouveau riche!” Mu Yunchao grunted, looking at the smile on Xu Ran’s face adding to his dissatisfaction, “I lost, and a bet is a bet, I’ll concede!”

Thinking about the penalty for his lost bet – washing and protecting his pet beasts ten times in Xu Ran’s foster shop, which charged two or three times more than other stores – he felt like he was being ripped off.

Damn it!

“Welcome to the Starfire Foster Care Shop,” Xu Ran said, patting Mu Yunchao’s shoulder with a hearty chuckle, “Trust me, although the prices are high, you’ll definitely feel the results are worth every penny after our washing and protecting treatments.”

“I…” Mu Yunchao opened his mouth, about to retort, but as he saw Xu Ran turning to walk in the other direction, his words died in his throat. A hint of alarm crossed his face, “What are you doing?!”

“Competing!”

With a casual wave, Xu Ran headed straight for the Beast Master Overall Power Ranking.

The cutoff was tomorrow, so naturally, he wanted to attempt a few more rankings to see if he could achieve better results.

He was fairly satisfied with the new placement on the Pet Beast Team Power List, with the only regret being his current second place ranking still missing from the Historical Rankings. @@novelbin@@

Unlike the other lists, this particular ranking seemed to hold greater value.

Of course, not all Beast Masters on the current rankings failed to make it onto the Historical Rankings.

Above him, a Beast Master named Fang Yuling not only held a place in the Historical Rankings but was listed seventh.

Such a gaping disparity could not be overcome easily, even by Xu Ran’s current form.

However, Xu Ran believed that soon, he and the three little ones, with their steadily increasing strength, would catch up to her. For now, his plan was to make it into the Beast Master Overall Power Ranking and leave his name in the corresponding Historical Rankings.

For this purpose, Ziyun even held back and didn’t use the skill Scarlet Battle Intent, which had certain consequential side effects, during the previous competition.

“Tsk”

Xu Ran stopped before the Coi testing ground and the crowd followed him.

Under Mu Yunchao’s nervous gaze, Xu Ran stepped into the testing grounds with the three little ones without hesitation.

“Damn.” Mu Yunchao took a deep breath, “This guy is ruthless. He’s targeting you, Old Qu!”

Qu City:”?”

“You’re the one who bet with him! How did it become targeting me?” Qu City looked puzzled.

“Look. In the Pet Beast Team Power Ranking, he took your second place, right?” Mu Yunchao glanced at Qu City and pointed to the Overall Power Ranking. “You’re third, he’s fourth, and once he competes, your ranking will surely be jeopardized.”

“Although I have fallen down a place in the Pet Beast Team Power Rankings, from third to fourth, I can still hold my own and remain second on the Overall Power Ranking,” Mu Yunchao puffed out his chest, “So, you’re the one who stands to lose the most!”

Qu City:”…”

At first glance, it didn’t seem to be a problem.

But after some thought and analysis, Qu City quickly spotted the crux of the problem.

“How are you so sure that you can hold onto the second place?” Before Qu City could speak, Gang Yuling suddenly chimed in, her eyes full of amusement.

“Of course, I can hold onto it!” Hearing Fang Yuling doubt him, Mu Yunchao was immediately defensive. He patted his chest in confidence, his face full of certainty.

“I scrutinized it carefully. Although Xu Ran surpassed Old Qu and me just now, his pet beast team’s strength was only a little over a thousand more than ours. The gap isn’t that big.”

“And with the cooperation of my Sky Mystery pet, my performance in the Overall Power Rankings is much stronger than in the Pet Beast Team Power Rankings. That’s why I managed to surpass Old Qu and seize the second place.”

“Now… Humph.” Mu Yunchao looked composed and smug, “I don’t even need to compete again, he definitely can’t surpass me!”

“Don’t you also have no option to compete again?” Seeing Mu Yunchao’s typical cockiness, Qu City quickly shot him down, “Your pet beasts have exhausted a great deal in the recent competition, and none of them can recover to their peak condition within today..”