Chapter 345 - 209: Huiyun Foster Shop_2

Chapter 345: Chapter 209: Huiyun Foster Shop_2

Translator: 549690339

Cancan roared, his eyes gleaming with excitement as he slapped the mattress.

Among the three little ones, its overall rankings had dropped to the bottom again due to Ziyun’s sudden rise in the reflexes list.

Aside from undeniably being first on the sub-ranking, it astonishingly did not top any of the main rankings!

Once it becomes stronger, it vowed to make a comeback and once again charge into the Beast Trainer Ranking!

“We need to keep working hard tomorrow,” Xu Ran smiled. “I’ve heard that the competition is really intense right after the rankings are calculated and the new weekly ranking begins. It would be an interesting experience tomorrow.” Having said that, Xu Ran tossed his cellphone aside and then casually opened the System panel.

Counting the days, it had been two or three days since he had checked the status of Main Task 3. After the publication of the Extract Cloud Beastmaster Report, the reputation of the Starfire Foster Shop had risen to over 20%, he wondered how it was now…

[Main Task 3: Out with the old, in with the new

Task Description: Please open a branch in Second Level Town and achieve a local reputation of 70% (30.1/70).

Task Reward: System Clerk x3, System Upgrade Experience +400]

Looking at the brand-new progress bar, Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction.

With fame exceeding 30%, it has reached another milestone.

However, Xu Ran knew that this was the short-term effect of the previous scandal’s heat not having fully dissipated. After all, he was just a Leadership Level Beast Master.

For beast masters at the level of Beast Zone N0.47, it’s very difficult to even set foot outside the city.

Unless he does something even more remarkable next, the pace of increasing his fame will gradually slow down.

“Still need to find a way to advertise,” Xu Ran sighed softly, looking at the three little ones that had all found their own sleeping positions, he shook his head with a bitter smile, and closed his eyes again.

What are you sleeping for?

The night is long, meditation is the key!

While Xu Ran was in meditation, thousands of Beast Masters in Xieyun City who were on the ranking list also received their respective settlement notifications.

Not every Beast Master strives to improve their ranking just before the ranking list is about to be calculated. Some Beast Masters are more relaxed. They know that there are many people rushing to improve their ranks before calculation, so they choose to start making efforts after the calculation, at the beginning of a new round.

Usually, as long as they try their best, their ranking will not drop too much when the list is calculated, and the rewards will not change too much.

It is precisely because of this reason that they stop paying attention to the rankings after their efforts.

A substantial number of these laid-back Beast Masters checked the rankings after the calculation as usual, only to suddenly notice that a new name had unexpectedly appeared high up on the list. Like spreading the news through the grapevine, they discovered the story of Starfire Foster Care Shop.

A small-scale wave started to spread.

This ripple also promptly reflected in the customer flow the next day.

More guests arrived early to queue outside the door of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, only to be disappointed as they couldn’t be attended to.

That’s because today was the day that Xu Ran and Hui Hetian had agreed to wash and protect the Giant Pet Beast at the Huiyun Foster Shop.

Seeing the sign of suspended business in front of the foster shop, the curious crowd could only sigh with regret and plan to come back another day.

After preparing the first meal of the day for the residents of the foster shop, Xu Ran rode on Star, and as quickly as a bolt of lightning, arrived early at the doorstep of the Huiyun Foster Shop.

Looking at the Huiyun Foster Shop, which took up an entire building and seemed a few hundred times larger than the Starfire Foster Shop, Xu Ran couldn’t help but sigh in amazement.

They really are wealthy.

Outside the human cities, are the perilous Beast Fields. For humans, it’s already not easy to hold onto their cities, and expansion is out of the question.

For this reason, the cost of land in this world is unimaginably expensive. Even among Beast Masters, many can’t afford a house.

The cost of property in Xieyun City is even more expensive than in Qingzhou City. Under these circumstances, the Huiyun Foster Shop could occupy an entire building site, proof of its extravagant wealth.

In comparison, the Starfire Foster Shop indeed looks excessively small.

At this moment, Xu Ran fully empathized with every customer who questioned the prices after entering the shop.

As Xu Ran arrived in front of Huiyun Foster Shop, Hui Hetian, who had been waiting, quickly approached with a smiling face, “Good morning, Boss Xu, have you had breakfast yet?”

“I had it while feeding the Foster Care residents,” Xu Ran laughed. “Good morning, Elder Hui.”

His gaze fell on the short-haired woman standing behind Hui Hetian.

This woman, who seemed only a few years older than himself, had been to Starfire Foster Care Shop once before.

“I’ve already notified the Beast Master of the Giant Spirit Cloud Beast, he’s on his way here.” Seeing Xu Ran’s curiosity about the Huiyun Foster Shop, Hui Hetian smiled, “Before his arrival, would you like a tour around our shop?” “Sure.” Xu Ran nodded.

This arrangement suited his purpose perfectly.

After all, he had never visited other foster shops before.

Although he had interacted with his peers back in Qingzhou City, he never had a chance to visit their shops.

It was time to see what other foster shops were like.

“Boss Xu, this way.” Getting Xu Ran’s affirmation, Hui Hetian led them deeper into the shop.

The woman with short hair followed behind, two men and a woman led Xu Ran and his three pet beasts for a tour of the Huiyun Foster Shop.

Upon entering, the space opened up abruptly.

The semi-transparent dome was excellent in letting in natural light. The sunlight reflected off the special structure of the dome, forming a radiant waterfall, casting its glow on the statue in the center of the area.

It was a giant sculpture as tall as a ten-story building, depicting a powerful and fierce Transcendent Being. Its body covered in long hair, with robust and potent claws, a pair of flesh wings on its back, looking like a cross between a lion and a tiger.

“What is this?”

Gazing up at the giant sculpture, a hint of curiosity lit up Xu Ran’s face.

“It’s one of my pet beasts. When I was the captain of the Hunting Squad, there was an accident, and it died in the Beast Tide trying to protect me.” Hui Hetian stepped forward, a touch of sorrow on his face, as he patted the base of the statue.

“That’s also the main reason why I decided to switch careers.”

“I see.” Xu Ran’s expression turned solemn, his eyes reflecting empathy as he looked at the statue.

“Part of my pet beast’s bones is contained within this statue.” Hui Hetian’s voice paused slightly, “I had fought desperately in the Beast Tide to retrieve them, by burying them inside this sculpture, it feels like it’s still by my side.”

“Our price list of Huiyun Foster Shop is on the base of this statue.”

Following directions, Xu Ran quickly noticed the prices of Huiyun Foster Shop.

Compared to their washing and care prices, all service prices of Huiyun Foster Shop were about half as cheap, the charges for Suai Stage foster care and accompanying practice were still paid in cash, while the King Stage required cash plus Beast Master Points for payment.

Moreover, Xu Ran saw a particular saying at the bottom of the price list.

“Fifty percent discount when purchasing with a hunting card.”

“What’s a hunting card?” Xu Ran turned to Hui Hetian for an explanation.

“It’s a type of discount card that our shop specifically prepares for Hunting Squad Beast Masters.” Hui Hetian smiled, “As I’ve mentioned earlier, many of our customers are old acquaintances from the Hunting Squad.”

“These people frequently go outside the city, so many of them are regulars at the foster shops. And since I also come from a Hunting Squad, it’s natural that I give them some consideration.”

“I see.” Xu Ran nodded, then looked around the area.

The entire Huiyun Foster Shop consisted of three clear sections.

The smallest being the cleaning area,

The largest was the practice area.

Compared to Starfire Foster Care Shop, the washing and caring area here was much more spacious since the Huiyun Foster Shop washing and care area could accommodate Giant Pet Beasts.

However, the foster and practice areas seemed a little cramped compared to Starfire Foster Care Shop. @@novelbin@@

“Could I visit the foster area?” Xu Ran asked curiously.

“Of course, this way please.” Hui Hetian agreed readily, leading Xu Ran towards the foster area.

When the doors to the foster area opened, Xu Ran saw a scene quite different from his foster area.

The Huiyun Foster Shop’s fostering area completely imitated a natural environment, cleverly integrating living environments suitable for various pet beasts, where pet beasts different in size and habits coexist harmoniously.

If Xu Ran’s fosterage prepared standalone villas for pet beast residents, then the fosterage here is more akin to a dormitory.