Chapter 342 - 207: Mu Yunchao’S Second

Chapter 342: Chapter 207: Mu Yunchao’s Second

Achievement_2

Translator: 549690339

“This is also the second reason why I believe he can’t surpass me.” Mu Yunchao laughed cheekily, “He just finished rushing through one ranking, then immediately started with the second one, taking no rest in between.”

“Under such circumstances, can he unleash his full strength?”

“Who knows, maybe he might not even match his original performance?”

“Your analysis makes sense.” Fang Yuling said quietly, “However…”

In her mind, she pictured the scenes of Xu Ran’s interactions, feeling that he isn’t as reckless as Mu Yunchao portrayed him to be. @@novelbin@@

“Let’s bet.” Thinking about Xu Ran’s advertising efforts for his shop a month ago, a smile appeared in Fang Yuling’s eyes, “If Xu Ran surpasses you in the rankings, you’ll treat me to ten sessions of washing and protection at the Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

“If he doesn’t, I’ll pay for those ten sessions.”

“Huh?” Mu Yunchao looked at Fang Yuling in surprise, “Miss Fang, are you also interested in the cleaning service offered by that devious businessman?”

“You don’t need to worry about that, just tell me if you want to bet.” Fang Yuling’s tone became indifferent once again.

She was simply curious to see what was so special about this Beast Master’s Foster Shop, from a 3rd Level City, that he had to advertise so vigorously.

However, this was something she wouldn’t explain to Mu Yunchao.

“Let’s bet!” Mu Yunchao hesitated for only a moment before giving his decisive response.

He had just been regretting the ten sessions he had been tricked into, now someone was offering to reimburse him for the cleaning and protection services, he couldn’t be happier.

As for the possibility of Xu Ran surpassing him in overall power…

Mu Yunchao couldn’t help but take another look at the current overall power ranking.

“1st place, Fang Yuling, Overall Power: 416893.”

“2nd place, Mu Yunchao, Overall Power: 357823.”

“3rd place, Qu City, Overall Power: 332324.”

“4th place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Overall Power: 329451”

He is separated from Xu Ran by Qu City, whose ranking is third and has a nearly 30,000 lead in power. Xu Ran just completed a climb in the rankings…

Ha!

Stacked with debuffs, how could it be possible?

“Ziyun, it’s time!”

In test site C01, sitting atop Star’s back and merging his breath with the starlight chains drawn from the void, Xu Ran gave a stern command.

“Meow!” (Watch me!)

Briefly, a sharp purple lightning flash blinked in Ziyun’s odd colored eyes.

Next moment, out of the surrounding stirring electric light quietly spread a halo of scarlet light. Ziyun’s strength, which was already boosted to the extreme by multiple amplifications, started to climb up again.

In its vicinity, like tidal water that had been churned up uncontrollably, the Beast Tide retreated, leaving large blank spaces.

That was the space left behind after countless energy creatures have been torn to shreds by Ziyun’s wild electric light and phased out.

And at this moment, as Ziyun’s power is skyrocketing, energy beings seem to feel a lethal threat in their madness, instinctively showing signs of recoiling and fear.

But the next moment, the Golden Dragon Turtle Light Patterns that filled the sky flickered again.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level Dragon Turtle’s Power!

Under the provocation of the Full Moon Level Dragon Turtle’s Power, the energy creatures, who were gradually calming down, once again returned to their frenzied emotions, charging at Cancan, who held its head high and looked invincible, like moths to a flame.

Two colorless transparent chains, barely visible in the void, one end of the chain was connected to Ziyun, the other end to Star. The other chain was connected to Star at one end, and firmly connected to Cancan at the other.

If one carefully observed the faintly visible chains in the void, they would find that its emergence has a specific rule.

Starting from the end connected to Cancan’s body, it flowed gradually toward Star, then along the chain connected between Star and Ziyun, finally disappearing over Ziyun.

This pattern reflected the direction of power transmission.

Ziyun, who possesses explosive power, currently had two power banks. The output that was previously unable to sustain after a brief burst, has now become a continuous output!

Three Star Skill, Starlight Level Fate Necklace!

As the skill that Star has been actively training for the past two days, the Fate Necklace has quickly risen from the Stardust Level of yesterday to the Starlight Level today.

With the upgrade in skill proficiency level, the Fate Necklace transferred energy with higher efficiency and at faster speeds, akin to a regular charger transforming into a fast charger!

This minor breakthrough brought Ziyun an almost infinite supply of power.

Gazing at the rapidly approaching and expanding multitude of energy bodies, Ziyun’s uniquely colored pupils constricted into needles, like an abyss, swallowing them all.

It slowly but firmly raised a claw condensed with thunder, the claw, in an instant, became robust and powerful. Each claw blade resembled a knife-edge, seemingly capable of slicing through the space itself.

“Meow-”

With a sharp roar, Ziyun’s claw, filled with potential, swung out abruptly, creating a sharp gust in the void. The terrifying thunder pierced the air, emitting an endless “crackle” noise.

A terrifying claw shadow, nearly a hundred meters long, emerged and then shrouded over the countless oncoming transcendent beings.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level – Destruction Thunder Claw!

“Boom!!!”

A huge boom resounded, as countless transcendent beings vanished into thin air while screaming. The terrifying energy fluctuations created successive terrifying energy storms mixed with electric arc, all centered around the collision point.

In the next instant, the newly touching ground Destruction Thunder Claw exploded again, transforming into thunderbolts that burst out in all directions, inflicting more widespread damage.

This was the special effect brought on by the more flexible use of the Destruction Thunder Claw when it reached the Full Moon Level, it was currently Ziyun’s most powerful attack under the enhancement of Scarlet Battle Intent.

Feeling the almost boiling power within itself, a hint of scarlet silently appeared in Ziyun’s pupils. Its body vanished in an instant, leaving behind only a remnant image of thunderbolt, flitting non-stop amidst the Beast Tide.

Claw shadows were swung out wildly by Ziyun, as if it didn’t care for its power consumption, amidst the Scarlet Battle Intent’s lingering duration. Feeling the crazily draining power, Star and Cancan glanced at each other, their eyes both revealing a sense of helplessness.

As the ear-piercing rumbling sound continued to echo in the testing ground, the surging Beast Tide was also simultaneously held back.

After a while, the scarlet halo around Ziyun quietly disappeared, and its aura became slightly weaker. It returned reluctantly to its original position amongst the remnants of the thunderbolt.

“That’s enough.”

Looking at the barely straying testing area and the few remaining energy bodies, Xu Ran chuckled.

“Any more, and it would be impolite.”

“Dang???? ”

Accompanied by dull chimes, the current Leadership Level Beast Master Overall Power Rankings quickly materialize with flashing lights.

Mu Yunchao, who had been focusing on the list, patted Qu City’s shoulders with a hint of sympathy, “Old Qu, don’t be too sad, I’m sure you can catch up.”

Unexpectedly, Qu City did not respond. His body seemed to stiffen and his gaze was fixed at another place, he didn’t even turn his head to look when Mu Yunchao spoke.

Confused, Mu Yunchao followed Qu City’s gaze, the next moment the smug smile on his face froze.

It’s lit up…

The historical rankings have also lit up!

Just like the Historical Rankings of Leadership Level Beast Master’s Pet Beast Team Power, in the current Leadership Level Beast Master Overall Power Ranking, there was only Fang Yuling’s name.

If the historical ranking lit up, it meant…

Before Mu Yunchao could comprehend, the changes in the current rankings had already begun.

Watching his name along with Qu City and Xu Ran’s name light up, and then seeing he and Qu City dropped a place, with Xu Ran’s name appearing in the spot formerly belonging to him, Mu Yunchao’s breath hitched.

“Second place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, total power: 362732”

This…

This!

How is it possible?!

“How could this guy possibly increase so much?!” Mu Yunchao exclaimed incredulously, and then uttered a bewildered “Huh?”

“Don’t forget to invite me for ‘Washing and Protection’ service ten times.” Fang Yuling chuckled, then looked at the second name on the ranking board.

Xu Ran, I knew I wasn’t wrong about you.