Chapter 349 - 212: Evolutionary Sign?!_L

Chapter 349: Chapter 212: Evolutionary Sign?!_l

Translator: 549690339

“Race Name: Rapid Combat Bee”

Attribute: Fighting Attribute

Growth Stage: Leader Stage

Body Type: Medium

Maintenance Need:

Evaluation: A proud and fearless berserker, worth using the ultimate grooming tactics to make it realize there are other things worth being crazy about besides fighting.

The Rapid Combat Bee, huh…

Xu Ran moved his gaze from the pet beast in front of him to Ziyun.

Judging by Ziyun’s reaction and the pressure radiating from the creature, this pet beast is no less powerful than Ziyun.

However, he has never seen Fang Yuling’s name on any pet beast related rankings, which seems a bit unreasonable.

As the number one on both Beast Master lists, the widely recognized strongest Leader Level Beast Master, Fang Yuling’s pet should easily qualify to compete on the top of the pet beast ranking.

“Didn’t you try the Pet Beast List?” Xu Ran got curious, “This Rapid Combat Bee of yours should get quite a high ranking on the Combat Power List.”

■■No interest.” Fang Yuling just shook her head. “Without surpassing my father’s power, any ranking is meaningless.”

Oh-

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

Surpassing her father… The formidable person who firmly ranks first in many historical rankings?

He never expected the daughter of Chairman Fang to have such thoughts.

He was about to mention that it could be a significant number of Beast Master Points, but thinking about Fang Yuling’s background, he felt that perhaps it was not that important to her.

After some thought, Xu Ran simply decided not to say a word.

“Let the Rapid Combat Bee come with me.” Pushing open the door to the grooming room, he waved towards Fang Yuling, “You can choose to accompany us or wait in the rest room.”

“I’ll accompany.” Without much hesitation, Fang Yuling immediately followed

with the Rapid Combat Bee.

As both of them and the pet entered the grooming room, the three little ones left in the shop began whispering.

“Charming?” (Was that guy very powerful just now?)

Cancan raised a claw, scratching his head.

Why didn’t it feel anything?

”Meow~”(It might be a bit stronger than me.)

Ziyun nodded heavily, with a serious look on his face.

in addition to skills, pet beasts of different attributes have some common abilities, such as the inherent night vision of Dark Attribute Pet Beasts and the inherent intelligence of Super ability Attribute Pet Beasts. After evolving into the Fighting Attribute, Ziyun obtained the universal ability of Fighting Attribute.

Combat Sensing.

With this ability, it can better sense the hostility of its opponents and clearly feel the gap in strength between itself and other powerful beings.

Such a tough guy, it had a strong feeling just now that if it were to face the

Rapid Combat Bee, it would lose.

And this is just one of Fang Yuling’s pet beasts, not to mention the state of her other two pet beasts.

No wonder she is the number one Leadership Level Beast Master on both lists.

“Meow!” (We have to try to get stronger too!)

Ziyun turned to Star and Cancan, speaking quietly.

They can’t merely rely on the next resource distribution to get stronger. Before the resources are handed out, they have to make good use of the existing resources to get stronger.

“Charming!” (Okay!)

“Xi Lu~” (Let’s go training!)

The other two little ones, who had developed a tacit understanding through their daily interactions, understood Ziyun’s thoughts at a glance. They nodded in agreement and rushed towards the back door.

Not long after the three little ones left, the strange screeching sound of the Rapid Combat Bee, desperately trying to hold back yet unable to suppress, faintly came from the grooming room, echoing through the empty shop. Soon, the door of the grooming room opened, and Xu Ran walked out calmly, followed by Fang Yuling with an still calm face but an oddly strange look in her eyes and the Rapid Combat Bee whose compound eyes were filled with an enchanting glow.

“You can summon your second pet beast now.” Xu Ran glanced at the empty shop and, after confirming that the three little ones were at the training area through Contractual Sensing, turned his gaze to Fang Yuling.

“There’S no second one.” Fang Yuling shook her head slightly, “Currently, only the Rapid Combat Bee needs grooming. When the other two pet beasts need grooming in a few days, I’ll come over.

“Alright.”

Xu Ran nodded slightly, about to say something, but heard Fang Yuling’s voice change.

“Show me your shop’s foster area.”

Huh?

Xu Ran looked at Fang Yuling in surprise, “Do you need pet beast foster service?”

In his view, as the daughter of Chairman Fang, she should not need this service.

No matter how big the pet beast, Chairman Fang’s home would certainly have enough space to accommodate it, and Fang Yuling didn’t seem to be planning on going on a long journey.

And Fang Yuling’s response confirmed Xu Ran’s assumption.

“It’s not me who needs to foster.” Fang Yuling paused in the middle of her speech, “I have a friend who is looking for a foster shop to take care of her pet beast, so I’m checking it out for her.”

As she spoke, a hint of amusement flashed in Fang Yuling’s eyes.

Due to her unusually cold personality and unusual identity, she didn’t have many close friends. The friend she just mentioned was one of them. Although she came off aloof, Fang Yuling was a very friendly person deep down. Having seen Xu Ran’s grooming skills, she couldn’t help but think of her friend who couldn’t find a satisfactory foster shop in all of Xieyun City.

If the foster care service in Xu Ran’s shop were as good as the grooming, she could recommend her friend to come here.

Noticing Xu Ran’s strange gaze, Fang Yuling’s eyes flashed a hint of helplessness, she couldn’t help but emphasize, “She really is a friend.”

“No problem.” Xu Ran smiled, “Please follow me.”

Seeing Xu Ran walking towards the back door, a look of surprise flashed across Fang Yuling’s face, and she followed him curiously.

Where exactly is the foster area of this foster shop?

A moment later, Fang Yuling’s question was answered.

Looking at the boundless fostering space, a touch of emotion appeared on Fang Yuling’s face.

She had witnessed Starfire Foster Care Shop’s space expansion technique in the grooming room before, but due to her origins, Fang Yuling was only slightly surprised, with no significant emotional upheaval.

After all, she had seen larger scale space expansion techniques.

But even Fang Yuling felt overwhelmed when she saw the foster area, which was entirely created out of nothing using space expansion technique.

“You…” Fang Yuling stared at Xu Ran, the surprise on her face becoming more pronounced. “Is this all a foster area? @@novelbin@@

“Yes, the training area is located somewhere else.” Xu Ran nodded, then directed his gaze at the individual habitats in the foster area, his brows slightly furrowing.

Before today, he had always thought that providing each pet beast with their own expansive habitat was a good thing.

But after looking at the foster model of Huiyun Foster Shop, he felt that the inhabitants of his own foster shop might find it a bit monotonous, and boring. Although they could visit each other, they were kept at a distance.

He would have to try to reform the foster environment in his shop when he had time over the next couple of days, similar to Huiyun Foster Shop’s.

Note to self, Xu Ran turned his gaze towards Fang Yuling who had finally settled down, “The pet beasts fostering here will live in a tailored comfortable environment, and I will be responsible for their daily meals.”

“If your friend is interested, you can bring her in for a look.”

“I believe she would be willing to give it a try.” Fang Yuling nodded slightly.

At least in her understanding, there was no foster shop with a more spacious living environment than here, and as for another crucial aspect of fostering, the daily food of the pet beasts…

“Oh yes.”

“I almost forgot, it’s feeding time.” Xu Ran slapped his forehead, “Feel free to look around while I prepare food for the pet beasts.”

Looking at Xu Ran’s retreating figure, Fang Yuling nodded in satisfaction. This was a perfect opportunity to check the quality of the pet beast’s food for her friend.

Xu Ran didn’t leave Fang Yuling waiting for long, he prepared the food and placed it in food bowls. Then like always, he struck the iron pot with the spatula, making a “Dang Dang Dang” clear sound.

The familiar sound caused the inhabitants to emerge after a brief moment of quiet, flocking towards Xu Ran.

“Sorry for keeping you waiting, I had to take a trip today.” Xu Ran was smiling as he distributed the food bowls to each pet beast, then waved them off with a

“Eat.”

Without needing his command, the inhabitants had already started to scarf down their food, occasionally letting out a vigorous outcry, as if the food held some indescribable additives.

Although the taste preferences of different pet beasts are not the same, she could already roughly guess from the inhabitants’ reactions.

And the Rapid Combat Bee behind her was also slightly swallowing at this moment.

Seeing how delicious the food looked from their expressions, it started to feel hungry as well.

“This is yours.” Xu Ran took out a small food bowl and handed it to the Rapid Combat Bee. “This is for you too. It can fill up your belly.”

“Buzz-”

The Rapid Combat Bee nodded towards Xu Ran, gratitude and surprise in its compound eyes.

The food bowl held intoxicatingly rich aromas making it almost unable to resist digging in immediately. However, being well-mannered, it looked enquiringly at Fang Yuling.

“Thank you, Boss Xu, give it a try.” Fang Yuling slightly nodded her head. Only then did the Rapid Combat Bee start gobbling down its food.

Feeling the surprise and joy continuously transferred back from her pet beast, Fang Yuling’s appraisal of the foster service in Xu Ran’s shop rose another notch.

Moving her gaze away from the Rapid Combat Bee, Fang Yuling continued to watch other inhabitants of the Starfire Foster Shop with interest.

Because she did not need to foster, this was the first time she had come into contact with other Beast Masters’ pet beasts that had been sent for fosterage. The experience of watching other pet beasts eat was quite special.

Soon, her gaze fell on the Combat Furball.

Watching the Combat Furball leisurely savouring its food, unlike the other pet beasts around it, and the subtle abnormal energy fluctuating around it, Fang Yuling’s expression gradually turned to that of surprise.

Is that…

“A sign of evolution?!”