Chapter 344 - 209: Huiyun Foster Shop_L

Chapter 344: Chapter 209: Huiyun Foster Shop_l

Translator: 549690339 I

For those whose names are on the Beast Master List, there is always one night each week when sleep eludes them.

It’s the time of the weekly settlement for the Beast Trainer Ranking.

The weekly rankings and competition will end at midnight, and all the Beast Masters on the list will receive corresponding rewards based on their own rankings.

The details of these rewards will be sent to the corresponding Beast Masters through the registered contact method.

Even Xu Ran, who is in deep meditation, can’t help but temporarily stop the meditation and check the settlement details on his cellphone.

The three little ones, also not fully asleep, open their eyes at the same time the cellphone reminder sounds, and sneakily gather beside Xu Ran.

[Dear Beast Master Xu Ran (alias Starfire Foster Shop), your Beast Master List ranking as of this week has been settled. As of midnight, your rankings are as follows:]

[Main List:

Current Leadership Level Beast Master Overall Power Ranking: 2nd place

Current Leadership Level Beast Master Pet Beast Team Power List: 2nd place

Current Leadership Level Beast Master Individual Combat Power List: 1st place

Current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Combat Power List: 2nd place, 13th place

Current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Velocity Chart: 1st place, 6th place

Current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Defense List: 2nd place, 8th place

Current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Reflexes List: 1st place

Current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Stamina Chart: 2nd place, 3rd place]

[Total rewards for the current main list rankings: 70650 Beast Master Points]

[Sub-list:

Current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Beauty Ranking: 3rd place

Current Leadership Stage Pet Beast Body Size Chart: 1st place]

[Total rewards for the current sub-list rankings: 4250 Beast Master Points]

[Total rewards: 74900 Beast Master Points]

“Wow!” After reading the statement from beginning to end, a look of surprise appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Although the combined rankings only amount to over seventy thousand Beast Master Points, and one can get eighty thousand for landing in the top three of the Historical Rankings, the difference between the two is quite clear.

The latter is a one-time deal, while the former can be received every week.

So, having so many points at the weekly settlement was beyond Xu Ran’s expectations.

Along with the weekly settlement notice came an attachment detailing the corresponding points for the current ranking, which clearly indicated the rewards for each rank.

As it was his first time participating in the weekly settlement, Xu Ran quickly opened the attachment after a cursory look at the rankings.

In the main list, the 1st place in the Leadership Stage Pet Beast Ranking can get 5000 Beast Master Points, the 2nd place can get 4000 Beast Master Points, and thereafter the rewards decrease with a gradually shrinking gap, and the 10th place can only get 1800 points.

The points reward of the Leadership Level Beast Master List is three times the equivalent ranking in the Pet Beast List, while the sub-list only has half of the main list’s reward.

After looking at the detailed corresponding table and comparing his and the three little ones’ rankings, Xu Ran’s face showed a look of realization.

Looking at the three eager little ones, Xu Ran’s face revealed a smile.

“Next, I’ll divide these over seventy thousand Beast Master Points among you.” He paused briefly, “However, you haven’t yet fully absorbed the King-level resources at hand, right?”

The three little ones shook their heads together.

The resources at the King-level hold much more energy and are naturally slower to absorb. For a Leadership Level Beast Master to prepare an item for each of his Pet Beasts is considered a luxury. For the three little ones, having two or three items each is simply a waste.

In this situation, one can imagine the speed at which the three little ones are absorbing.

Even if they were to absorb at full speed, they would still need about ten days to fully absorb these resources.

As of now, apart from Star, who has grasped the skill of Fate Necklace due to the matching necklace, Ziyun and Cancan have not yet obtained new skills from the King-level resources.@@novelbin@@

“So, after these resources are allocated, you should keep them for now.” Xu Ran smiled, “Meals should be eaten bite by bite. Wait until these resources are all absorbed, and then absorb new ones.”

“Meow-” (Okay-)

Ziyun was the first to accept this suggestion. Licking his paw, he lazily sprawled out at the head of the bed.

Although he temporarily couldn’t possess more new resources, the current resources were indeed enough for him to absorb for a while.

Looking at it from another perspective, when the current resources are fully absorbed, they will likely experience another weekly settlement, at which point they will be able to save a batch of points.

At that time, they can get a new batch of resources in abundance.

This feeling of having surplus resources really gives a sense of security!

“Xi Lu~” (Speaking of which, shouldn’t the resources be distributed in about ten days?)

Star whinnied, his eyes, looking like sapphires, gleaming with anticipation.

Hearing this, Ziyun and Cancan’s eyes also began to sparkle.

Yes indeed…

It was previously agreed that resources should be allocated every half a month. If they calculated the time, it seemed to be due in about ten days.

Over the last few days, the three little ones have also recognized the advantages of having a longer resource allocation cycle.

In the past, resources were distributed almost every week, and everyone was just focused on becoming stronger, neglecting to sort out their own power, which would inevitably lead to some imbalance in their strength.

Through several days of contending for the Beast Trainer Ranking, they have realized their strengths and weaknesses. Next, they can purposefully choose resources to enhance and address their issues, becoming stronger in a more comprehensive manner.

“Charming!” (I can hardly wait!)