Chapter 356 - 217 The First Red Item!_L

Chapter 356: Chapter 217 The First Red Item!_l

Translator: 549690339

1

‘ See you next time, Boss Xu!”

Standing in front of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, Qin Can’s smile was particularly brilliant.

He had once again received free washing and protection services from Xu Ran. Even better, this time his older sister wouldn’t snatch his services.

That’s because his sister now had her own.

And all of this was achieved through his own wit!

“Goodbye.” Waving vigorously at the siblings, Xu Ran’s face was also filled with a smile.

The combined luck of the two lucky fish, along with the method of drawing sixty times simultaneously, had finally allowed him to get the sought-after items he couldn’t get before. @@novelbin@@

Although Xu Ran hasn’t checked what they are.

But, they were red.

Red!

The item, even more treasured than the purple ones, was finally in his grasp!

Once the figures of the Qin siblings disappeared from his view, Xu Ran immediately closed the door, took a deep breath and opened the rewards he had just drawn.

With the lottery interface reopening, sixty glowing rays that were so bright they dazzled fluttered in front of Xu Ran, most of which were azure, like an azure ocean.

Above the ocean, seven purple stars shimmered, signifying purple items. Above those, a glow more dazzling than any star came from the only red item among the sixty rewards.

As Xu Ran’s gaze settled on the red light, he finally saw the complete form of the red item.

Upon seeing it, a puzzled expression gradually appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Because, this red item looked very familiar to him.

It was a card with mysterious patterns and the word “acceleration” on it.

The reason it felt familiar was that he had received similar rewards before.

Meditation Acceleration Card.

However, compared to the purple Meditation Acceleration Card, the current one seemed more luxurious and mysterious, giving a feeling of a high-end version.

This prompted Xu Ran to reach out and touch it.

[Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card]

[The Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card is a special item produced by the system. After use, the host’s meditation speed will greatly increase for one month. This item cannot be used by existences other than the host.]

“Wow~” Xu Ran exclaimed emotionlessly.

As expected, it’s a Meditation Acceleration Card. Even though the word “Advanced” was added, based on the description, there didn’t seem to be much difference between the two.

The only difference was that in the introduction of the Meditation Acceleration Card, it was described as “the host’s meditation speed will increase”, while the Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card added the words “greatly increase”.

“I’m curious to see how greatly it will increase.” Shaking his head with a touch of disappointment, Xu Ran chose to use it without hesitation.

The previous Meditation Acceleration Card had not yet expired, so by using the Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card now, the acceleration should wait until the expiration of the current time…

Huh?

Looking at the Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card, which had already begun to countdown, and the Meditation Acceleration Card, which was still counting down, Xu Ran fell into deep thought.

Can these two cards be used together?

If so, it might be interesting.

Slowly closing his eyes, Xu Ran effortlessly entered a deep state of meditation. After a brief moment, he opened his eyes, clearly shocked.

Six hundred times.

After stacking one Meditation Acceleration Card and one Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card, his meditation speed reached six hundred times that of not using the Meditation Acceleration Card.

Previously, when only the Meditation Acceleration Card was used, the acceleration effect was one hundred times.

If the effects of the two cards simply add together, then the acceleration effect of the Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card alone would be five hundred times.

“Sheesh…” Xu Ran couldn’t help but take a deep breath, and there was no longer any disappointment on his face from initially getting an Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card as his first red item.

A five hundred times increase and the ability to stack effects…

Could he potentially break through to the fourth stage of contract power within a month?!

With excitement filling his heart again, Xu Ran began to check the other rewards.

Among the seven purple items, two were Talent Skill fusion stones, and, like before, they were of no use at the moment. Among the remaining five, four were three-star skill scrolls. The last one was a King Species Evolution Path, which he had not seen for a long time.

With all three little ones having received their evolution paths and successfully evolved into King Species, the only one that could use this item seemed to be the fourth beast he would contract in the future.

At this thought, Xu Ran suddenly remembered a little guy he had once thought of contracting.

Since the system’s transmission function can only transport Xu Ran himself, and even the pet beasts need to be transported by summoning them after transmission, Xu Ran had not seen the Velvet Sparrow left in Qingzhou City since he came to Xieyun City.

“I wonder how that little guy is doing now.”

“Chirp- Achoo!”

Inside the foster area on the underground level of the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City, the Velvet Sparrow suddenly sneezed, then rubbed its beak with its wings, looking around suspiciously before focusing its gaze in a certain direction.

Transcendent beings with super ability attribute not only possess more intelligence than other transcendent beings of the same stage, they also have a stronger intuition.

It could sense that someone or something in that certain direction was thinking about it, causing it to sneeze out of the blue.

Was it its dad?

No, the core area of Beast Field No. 97, where dad lives, was not in that direction.