Chapter 355 - 216 Sixty In A Row_L

Chapter 355: Chapter 216 Sixty in a Row_l

Translator: 549690339

“With the Beast Master Association’s support, those who intend to make trouble for Mr. Zhou Tianwu should know to wisely back off.”

In the Starfire Foster Care Shop, Xu Ran returned to the counter after taking care of a new customer, resting his chin on his hand and murmuring to himself.

When he had called Fang Yuling, he deliberately mentioned the trouble Zhou Tianwu was currently experiencing. He wanted to ensure that the Beast Master Association was informed soon enough to prevent Zhou Tianwu and Combat Furball from encountering any dangers.

Considering Fang Yuling’s strong initiative, she must have already dispatched someone to handle the issue, or she might even have gone there in person.

At this thought, Xu Ran got a sense of realization and looked towards the shop door.

Speak of the devil and he shall appear.

Who else could the charming figure slowly stepping into the shop from the door be, other than Fang Yuling?

“Combat Furball’s problem has been solved. Zhou Tianwu has agreed to accept the association’s resource tilt and support.” Perhaps because Xu Ran participated in the process, Fang Yuling chose to tell him about the situation.

Then, Fang Yuling shifted the topic, “I’m here to renew the feeding expenses for my three pet beasts.”

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Previously, Fang Yuling had paid ten days of fosterage fees in advance for her three pet beasts that were left here for meals. She implied that she would renew the fee if she was satisfied with the service.

On the third day after she left her own pet beasts for fosterage, Fang Yuling truly introduced a Beast Master to foster their pet beast in the shop. Only then did Xu Ran truly believe that the “friend” Fang Yuling had referred to was not herself. @@novelbin@@

Now that ten days had passed, it was clear to see from Fang Yuling’s decision that she was satisfied with how her three pet beasts were being fed here.

Oddly enough, when this girl said she was freeloading, she was really freeloading. She would usually summon her pet beasts back for various trainings and sent them back just in time for meals without fail.

This time, Fang Yuling paid a month’s fosterage fees all at once. Then, she opened her mouth and said, “Bring up Three-headed Nightmare and Luminary Spirit. They both need to be cleaned and cared for.”

Then, Fang Yuling’s tone became a bit more stern, “Pay it from Mu Yunchao’s account.”

“Okay.” Xu Ran was shocked.

This woman clearly was not short of money; her stubbornness in certain areas was unexpectedly pronounced.

Soon, two pet beasts arrived at the shop area from the basement floor, excitedly. After nuzzling with Fang Yuling, they obediently followed Xu Ran into the Grooming Room.

Before long, strange noises could be heard from the Grooming Room again.

After accompanying the two pet beasts for their grooming, Fang Yuling once again left. Meanwhile, the business at the Starfire Foster Care Shop continued to thrive.

It had been more than half a month since the Starfire Foster Care Shop began operations in Xieyun City.

After the initial turbulence, Xu Ran’s growth in fame on the leaderboard could almost no longer promote the reputation of the shop. Without new exposures and advertising methods, the reputation growth began to slow down, and customers no longer lined up as much as before.

However, good word of mouth brought many returning customers, keeping the shop’s business booming. It was estimated to be comparable to the peak time when Xu Ran single-handedly ran the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City without the help of the System Clerk.

Another busy day was coming to an end. Xu Ran, who had managed to snatch a few minutes of free time, was resting his head on his hand while looking out the shop door with an expectant expression.

The last time he left, Qin Can had mentioned that he would come for a second grooming today.

If he hadn’t forgotten, he should be arriving soon, right?

In Xu Ran’s eager gaze, familiar figures appeared at the shop door.

Moreover, there were two of them.

In addition to Qin Can, his sister, Qin Yue, also arrived.

This made Xu Ran even more pleasantly surprised.

In the past two weeks, he had accumulated enough Pleasure value for six Ten Consecutive Drawing sessions. About half of it was accumulated from the Xieyun City branch over the past two weeks, while the other half was gained from the Qingzhou City branch.

The share of the earnings from the three system clerks was not a small sum either.

Today, perhaps he could try his luck with two Lucky Fish at the same time.

“Boss Xu, haven’t seen you for half a month. I’ve been hearing your news every day.” Qin Can grinned, still carefree kind of personality. But his eyes, as they looked at Xu Ran, had slightly changed from before.

These days, he could hear news about Xu Ran almost every day. Unbeknownst to him, the Beast Master, who he thought he could quickly catch up to and was even several years younger than him, had already reached a level that was beyond his reach.

Fang Yuling, the recognized Little Princess of Xieyun City and the first among the young generation. Her talent was comparable to her father, Chairman Fang. She also had considerable research in the field of evolution, something that even Chairman Fang did not have.

At this moment, Xu Ran’s rank on the Beastmaster Double Board was only second to Fang Yuling, and the gap between the two was shrinking each day.

It was simply unimaginable.

“It’s just a false reputation.” Xu Ran humbly shook his head.

A false reputation…

Both Qin Can and Qin Yue’s mouths twitched at the same time. Looking at Xu Ran’s calm manner of speaking, they suddenly felt an urge to beat him up.

“Are both of you here for washing and care services?”

“I’m here to get my Earth Roaring Rhino groomed.” As Qin Can’s words fell, the hexagram star array behind him lit up. Amidst the howling wind, a huge and burly rhinoceros stepped out, one step at a time.

Among his three pet beasts, only the Earth Roaring Rhino, an Earth attribute pet beast, had a high Washing and Protection requirement and needed frequent care – once every half a month. The other pet beasts required far less care.

“Give my Dark Soul Mother a round of washing and care.” Qin Yue opened her mouth slowly. At the same time, a pet beast that looked like a jellyfish and was pitch black, with a semi-transparent texture and suspended in mid-air, emerged from the Hexagram Star Array behind her.

Dark Attribute king species, Dark Soul Mother.

“Thump Thump- ” the next second after summoning their pet beasts, Qin Yue patted Qin Can’s shoulder and said in an incredibly natural tone, “Add it to his account.”

Ah, this…

Looking at Qin Can’s miserable face, Xu Ran chuckled.

“I only have three free washings left, don’t I?” Qin Can asked with a sorrowful look on his face.

“Yes,” Xu Ran nodded.

He had previously promised Qin Can nine free cleaning trials. The last time Qin Yue came, four pet beasts consumed four of those trials, and this time each sibling cleaned one each, leaving three trials left.

“Alright.” Qin Can gave a light sigh, sneaking a glance at Qin Yue.

Older sister will be leaving town again in ten days, and he has to finish all the free trials before she returns.

In fifteen days, the Earth Roaring Rhino will need a clean. The other two pet beasts are also due for their cleanings.

That’s perfect, he can use up all the free trials.

He absolutely can’t let his older sister pick up on this.

No one should take advantage of him, Qin the great trickster!

“I’ll go clean your pet beasts first.” Looking at the two pet beasts, one big and one small, Xu Ran took a deep breath and said, “Follow me.”

“Woo ”

The Earth Roaring Rhino made a loud roar and tried to follow but was easily pressed down by a semi-transparent and soft black ribbon. The formidable pressure from a General stage to a leader stage allowed the Dark Soul Mother to cut in line easily, lightly following behind Xu Ran into the grooming room.

Xu Ran noticed this and couldn’t help but chuckle.

It’s clear that, whether it’s a pet beast or the Beast Master, Qin Yue is highly repressive of Qin Can.

Soon, Xu Ran, who had completed the pre-cleaning preparations, approached the Dark Soul Mother.

As an elemental pet beast, although the Dark Soul Mother has a jellyfish-like appearance, it doesn’t possess a flesh body.

Around its oval-shaped head, black fog rolled around, and from its head hung over a dozen long ribbons as light as nothing. If you lightly touch them, you will discover that these black ribbons are strangely smooth, like delicate silk.

When it came last time, Xu Ran has cleaned the Dark Soul Mother thoroughly. But this time, the Dark Soul Mother still had a three-star cleaning demand.

[Race name: Dark Soul Mother

Attribute: Dark Attribute

Growth stage: General stage

Body type: Large Size

Maintenance Need: *****

Rating: Beneath the sleek black ribbons hides the unknown secret of the Dark Soul Mother. May the host explore and dare to fathom with delicate hands.]

Unknown secrets…

Xu Ran’s lips twitched slightly.

Having cleaned it once, he was fully aware of the Dark Soul Mother’s secret.

The Dark Soul Mother species, as a dark attribute elemental pet beast, has a lower tolerance for light than other dark attribute beasts.

To survive in a light-filled environment, the Dark Soul Mother would tirelessly produce special dark element soul crystals from its body to cancel out this light.

And so the Mother part of its name was born.

After these dark element soul crystals cancel out the light, they leave some hard-to-remove impurities inside the Dark Soul Mother.

In the natural environment, the Dark Soul Mother would regularly gather the impurities into a single one of its ribbons, then sever that ribbon, thereby eliminating the impurities as well.

However, severing a ribbon weakens the Dark Soul Mother’s power, causing it to enter a weakness period lasting about a week.

But for those Dark Soul Mothers existing as pet beasts within human society, there’s a better choice: accepting a thorough cleaning, which can remove the impurities.

“Don’t worry, I’ll clean you up,” Xu Ran said softly, promptly starting to work.

Not long after, the Dark Soul Mother made strange and peculiar sounds in the grooming room.

“The Earth Roaring Rhino is clean.”

Walking out of the grooming room with a fully refreshed Earth Roaring Rhino, Xu Ran had a mysterious smile on his face. “The two of you are our shop’s 199th and 200th walk-in cleaning customers. If you don’t mind, I hope I can take a commemorative picture with you.”

Of course, the sequence was made up. Xu Ran only wanted an excuse to borrow some luck from both lucky fishes at the same time.

“No problem,” responded Qin Yue immediately, her mood significantly lifted by the excellent cleaning effect on the Dark Soul Mother.

“Hmm…” Qin Can rubbed his chin, asking, “Boss Xu, will this photo be displayed in your shop? If yes, then I should get some portrait fees, right?”

You’re indeed you, Qin Can!

Xu Ran’s eyes lit up, quickly responding, “In that case, I’ll offer each of your pet beasts an addition three cleaning instances.”

“Deal!” Qin Can chuckled smugly, shooting a triumphant look at Qin Yue.

A satisfied smile spread across Xu Ran’s face as well.

He had been worried about not having an excuse to get these two lucky fishes to come back more often.

This is what they mean about what you lack always comes at the right time.

“One, two, three, eggplant!”

Working late tonight, this might be it, dammit!