Chapter 354 - 215 Mr. Zhou Tianwu, You Have A

Chapter 354: Chapter 215 Mr. Zhou Tianwu, You Have a

Very Good Pet Beast _2

Translator: 549690339

Another one taking advantage of the crisis to rob him blind!

“Rip ”

After snatching the list and tearing it to shreds on the ground, Zhou Tianwu’s face turned utterly gloomy.

Behind him, Zhou Che quietly picked up a corner of the torn list, just in time to see the total compensation amount. His face also hardened with anger.

These were the uncles he had always thought of as relatives and elders.

At this point, looking at these few people, he had a feeling of seeing greedy wolves.

“Fine…fine!” Zhou Tianwu’s voice was trembling slightly due to excessive anger, “Since this is the case, I…”

“Toe, toe, toe ”

The somewhat urgent knocking sound cut off Zhou Tianwu’s words.

Upon hearing the knock, the expressions on the faces of the four uninvited guest and the father and son of the Zhou family all changed.

The faces of the four uninvited visitors showed a trace of surprise and disbelief, while Zhou family father and son looked lost and incredulous.

The Sky Dragon Hunting Team had a total of six members.

Other than the five people currently in the Zhou’s living room, there was one more.

He was the last Beast Master to join the team – the junior Zhou Tianwu considered, who was rescued from danger outside the city several times, and who thus owed his life to him.

At this time, the only one who would come home would probably be him.

Could it be that at this time, he was also looking to take advantage of the crisis?

Zhou Tianwu looked up at the sky in speechless despair, then spoke in a low voice, “Che, open the door.”

“…Alright.” Zhou Che wiped his moist eye sockets and gritted his teeth. He opened the door, but his face looked slightly stunned the next moment.

Because standing outside was an exceptionally beautiful woman he did not recognize, not the person he had expected..

“Is Mister Zhou Tianwu’s residence?”

The woman had an aloof and distant disposition that seemed to keep people thousands of miles away – even her voice was like that. The moment she spoke, she turned her gaze towards Combat Furball. After confirming her guess, she simply stepped in.

“Who are you?” Zhou Che raised his hand and blocked her path, then asked, “Why are you visiting my house?”

The originally contentious five persons momentarily ceased their bickering due to the woman’s sudden appearance.

“Fang Yuling, representing the Transcendent Evolution Department of the Xieyun City Beast Master Association today.” Fang Yuling took out her corresponding credentials and flashed them in front of Zhou Che.

She simply glanced at the group then quickly and accurately identified Zhou Tianwu from among the six people present.

“Mister Zhou Tianwu, due to the evolution signs that Combat Furball has displayed and its high potential to evolve into an Emperor Species, the Association will tilt resources and provide training to both you and Combat Furball.”

“Although there will need to be some collaboration with the Transcendent Evolution Department for experiments throughout the process, rest assured that your freedom will not be limited and there will be no danger to your lives.” As she spoke, Fang Yuling took out a document, “Sign your name here to accept the Association’s resource tilt and training support.”

With the end of her speech, an eerie silence fell over the room.

All eyes followed the sealed document in Fang Yuling’s hand.

“You just…said what?” Zhou Tianwu shook his head, with an astonished and puzzled look on his face.

For a moment, he thought that he hadn’t woken up yet, that all this was just a dream of his.

He… could receive resource assistance and support from the Beast Master Association?

And the reason… was because Combat Furball could possibly evolve into the Emperor species?!

He swiftly turned his head to look at the innocent Combat Furball.

The Emperor Species… what kind of concept was that?

That is a mighty Pet Beast that could break through the King Stage’s growth limit, advancing to the Overlord Level, or even Emperor Level.

In the whole of Xieyun City, there was only one Emperor Level Beast Master and three Overlord Level Beast Masters. Their Pet Beasts were, of course, of the Emperor Species. Apart from these, only a few King Level Beast Masters possessed beasts of the Emperor Species.

Since it was inevitable that these few King Level Beast Masters would step into the Overlord Level, their status and treatment had long differed from ordinary King Level Beast Masters.

Could he, an insignificant General Level Beast Master, also have the chance to receive such treatment?

At this moment, Zhou Tianwu’s heart gave a jolt. @@novelbin@@

“Open it and take a look.” Expecting Zhou Tianwu’s reaction, Fang Yuling calmly handed him the envelope and stood aside.

“Rustle–”

As the faint sound of paper shuffling filled the air, Zhou Tianwu’s pupils began to contract abruptly.

Only after reading the contents of the document did he realize that what the woman known as Fang Yuling had said was not exaggerated, but instead, seemed somewhat understated.

He could collect sixty free Heavenly Spirit Stones that accelerate meditation every month, a resource that typically took an ordinary Beast Master two days to deplete. One could almost say it was unlimited supply.

In this manner, he could break through to the Fifth Stage of contract power at the fastest speed. As long as his aptitude wasn’t poor, a successful breakthrough to the Sixth Stage of contract power was totally feasible!

All resources needed for the Combat Furball’s improvement and evolution would be provided by the Association, lifting a weight off Zhou Tianwu’s shoulders.

After all, the resources required for evolution into the Emperor Species couldn’t be compared with those for the King Species. Even if Zhou Tianwu were to exhaust all of his wealth, he still might not be able to afford even a single item.

This level of favor couldn’t simply be summarized by a phrase like “a certain slant of resources and nurturing”.

Such favor, similar to a windfall from heaven, was solely due to the Combat Furball showing signs of evolution.

There was a brief introduction about the signs of evolution in the documents. After reading it, Zhou Tianwu finally understood the situation.

“Little Furball, you…” Zhou Tianwu gently patted the fluffy body of the Combat Furball, his face filled with emotion, “Well done!”

“I’ll sign this document.” Once he confirmed the document was correct, Zhou Tianwu found a pen, wrote down his name, and returned the document to Fang Yuling. “Thank you for the Association’s cultivation!”

Fang Yuling nodded slightly. After a moment of silence, she slowly spoke, “Mr. Zhou Tianwu, you have a very good Pet Beast.”

“During its fostering period, it continued to overcome its defects, forcing itself to maintain a calm state. That is the reason it showed signs of evolution.” “Treat it well.” Leaving this sentence behind, Fang Yuling turned and left.

The Zhou family’s living room was back to silence.

With what Fang Yuling had said before leaving echoing in his mind, Zhou Tianwu continued to stroke the Combat Furball, his face filled with satisfaction.

“Dad…” Zhou Che pulled on Zhou Tianwu’s sleeve, pointing at the four mannequin-like figures on the sofa, “What about them…”

Zhou Tianwu came back to his senses abruptly, only then did he remember he still had a big problem to handle.

His gaze temporarily left the Combat Furball, turning to the four former teammates who had been willing to abandon him in his time of need.

The confrontation continued, but the atmosphere in the room was starting to become strange.

They had heard every word that Fang Yuling had said just now.

A teammate who they had shared triumphs and hardships with was on the verge of becoming a big figure in Xieyun City, while they had come to twist the knife…

“There’s no need for compensation, I am also at fault in this accident.” Liuhe was the first to stand up and hurriedly headed for the exit.

“Right, since the compensation list was torn, let’s consider it as your compensations, let’s call it quits on this matter.” The man who had brought out a long list also got up to leave.

As for the hesitant man and Xu Long, the captain of the Sky Dragon Hunting Team, they stood up and looked at Zhou Tianwu with a complex expression. They didn’t say anything, but they also turned to leave.

“Hold on!” After a short silence, Zhou Tianwu suddenly raised his voice.

The four men who had already left the Zhou residence turned back to look at him.

“I said that I would bear the mistakes made by the Combat Furball.” Zhou Tianwu paused slightly, “You have shown no mercy, I cannot be unjust.”

“For each fallen Pet Beast, I will cover fifty percent of the compensation.” “From nowon, I have nothing to do with any of you.”