Chapter 357 - 217 The First Red Item!_2

Chapter 357: Chapter 217 The First Red Item!_2

Could it be…

Thinking of a possibility, the Velvet Sparrow paused its beak-scratching motion, a glint of gleefulness flashed in its eyes.

Just silently leaving a beast here and now you remember me?

Humph! It’s too late!

“Thud, thud, thud-”

A dull knocking sound echoed throughout the foster area. The Velvet Sparrow shook its head, suppressing the thoughts that had just surfaced. It waddled towards a direction.

In the same direction, there were hundreds of Pet Beasts. Their strengths varied from the Transcendent Stage to the Leadership Stage, and their chorusing calls were quite a spectacle.

Seeing the eager Pet Beasts, the Velvet Sparrow’s eyes showed disdain. A fleeting blue light flashed in its eyes.

The next moment, a Gale Wolf passing by halted, turned around, and slowly approached the Velvet Sparrow, lowering its head.

The Velvet Sparrow hopped onto its head and pointed forward.

“Chirp!” (Let’s go! Let’s eat!)

“Whoosh   ”

The Gale Wolf bolted, passing all the Pet Beasts, and quickly reaching the source of the sound.

Halting, the Gale Wolf gradually lowered its head, letting the Velvet Sparrow step down from its head. When it raised its head again, the blue halo in its eyes, identical to the Velvet Sparrow’s, quietly faded, replacing it was a bewildered look.

Who am I? Where am I? What am I to do?

Ignoring the perplexed Gale Wolf, the Velvet Sparrow waddled over to the Green-skinned Frog.

“Chirp!” (I’m in a good mood today, I want to eat more!)

The Green-skinned Frog nodded a little stiffly, took down a small frog toy from the hook and handed it to the Velvet Sparrow.

Accompanied by a “bang” sound, the small frog toy turned into a food bowl about one size larger than usual, filled with the Velvet Sparrow’s favorite food.

“Chirp!” (Very good!)

The Velvet Sparrow nodded contentedly, and then began to eat.

If they feed it like this every day, it could live here all its life!

The Hexagram Star Array shimmered with dazzling light, inside Xieyun City’s Foster Shop, the three little ones appeared one after another from the whirlwind.

Initially, they were puzzled; why didn’t Xu Ran, like before, after summoning the Star, meet up with Ziyun and Cancan at the Beast Trainer Ranking?

But seeing the small blackboard and chalk being brought out, the three little ones understood.

The semi-monthly resource distribution was about to start!

“Sit tight, we’re going to start distributing resources.” Xu Ran smiled, looking at the three excited little ones, “The resources to be distributed this time, are more than any previous times.”

Just from hearing what Xu Ran said, the three little ones’ expectations were almost overflowing.

With so many resources, will there be what they want?

Under the gaze of the three little ones, Xu Ran picked up the chalk and began to write on the small blackboard:

“Physical points: 23133 points (undistributed)”

“Skill Points: 21098 points (undistributed)”

“Teachable Skills: ★ ★★Thunder Penalty Gun (Thunder), ★★★Quiet Night

Breath (Darkness), ★★★Ground Binding Cage (Earth), ★★★Puncture Explosion (Fighting), ★★★Desolate Place (Darkness)”

“Skill Fragments: 7 (Star) +41 (Cancan) +1026 (undistributed)”

“Skill Fusion Stones: 11 (Ziyun) +10 (Star) +48 (undistributed) ”

“Talent Skill Fusion Stones: 4 (undistributed)”

“Energy Abundant Potions: 4 bottles (undistributed)”

“Beast Master Points: 0 points”

“Three Star Skill Scrolls: 4 (undistributed)”

“King Species Evolution Route (undistributed)”

By the time Xu Ran finished writing the last word on the small blackboard, the shop was silent.

After a moment of quiet, heavy breathing of the three little ones broke the silence.

So many resources!

That the physical points and skill points both exceed twenty thousand is one matter, even the scarce skill fragments have increased by more than a thousand all at once!

Additionally, there are as many as five teachable Three-Star Skills!

Among these five skills, two are suitable for Ziyun and Star, one for Cancan. But don’t forget, Cancan had already received a Three-Star Skill on the first day he came to Xieyun City at Starfire Foster Care Shop.

As a result, each of the three little ones can acquire two three-star skills from the instruction!

Add to that the thousand skill fragments that can be freely exchanged for five three-star skills, four three-star skill scrolls, and close to fifty allocatable skill fusion stones.

The fusion of three-star skills into four-star skills finally isn’t just a fantasy! And with more than twenty thousand skill points earned from their ceaseless training, they could even bring forth skills of Halo Level proficiency, a level above Full Moon!

“Meow!” (I’m coming for the top spot on the Combat Power List!)

Ziyun shouted excitedly, eyes filled with enthusiasm.

Despite its many days of effort, it was still stuck at the second place in the current Combat Power List, unable to surpass the detestable Nine-shadow Demon Cat. This had always left Ziyun feeling aggrieved.

Now, it finally can not only surpass the opponent, but also take the top spot! However… thinking about Fang Yuling’s three pet beasts, Ziyun felt a slight chill amidst the excitement.

These three fellas hadn’t aimed for the rankings. Otherwise, they would probably be much stronger than the Nine-shadow Demon Cat.

So, it needs to continue to get stronger!

“The total resources add up to 76491 value points.” Xu Ran slightly paused,

“You each get 25497 value points.”

“In the last resource allocation, Cancan had a surplus of 2000 value points while Ziyun and Star did not have any remaining.”

“Sure… ” (Seems a bit less.)

Cancan shook its head with regret.

Originally, it thought that it could redeem more stuff compared to Ziyun and

Star due to the remaining value points from the last time, thus having an advantage.

Now, it seems that these remaining points can only slightly increase the odds. Nothing to be done. The resource allocation this time is really too much. “Meow!” (I’ll take the Thunder Penalty Gun and Puncture Explosion first!) Before Cancan and Star proposed their exchange requirements, Ziyun was the first to speak.

As for this exchange requirement, Cancan and Star had no objections.

After all, they have no use for these items.

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded his head and began giving instructions.

A moment later, Ziyun’s eyes revealed a look of delight.

The Thunder Penalty Gun is a long-ranged skill. It can summon a thunderbolt spear concentrated with strong Thunderforce from the sky, which falls in a certain direction, causing a certain range of attack and an even stronger attack to the central area, just like invoking thunder punishment.

Puncture Explosion is a fighting attribute skill that enhances power. When you apply this skill, your power will have a strong piercing effect and explosive effect.

With these, a pet beast can pose a greater threat to opponents with strong defense, and to those with weaker defenses, the damage inflicted will increase further.

Ziyun is very fond of these two skills. More importantly, they just happen to be the missing pieces for Ziyun’s skill fusion puzzle.

Earlier, Xu Ran had redeemed three King-level resources for Ziyun. Now, Ziyun has fully absorbed these resources and, with power reaching the Perfect Leadership Stage, it also obtained the corresponding three-star skills.

Crimson Gold Electroplating, Super Phase Field, Puncture Thunder Spear. Before this, Ziyun also had Scarlet Battle Intent, Superfast Self-healing, Martial Arts Specialization – three non-talent skills.

Hence, it now has a total of eight non-talent skills.

Except for Superfast Self-healing, which is a two-star skill, the remaining seven are all three-star skills.

So…

“Meow!” (Exchange a three-star skill scroll to upgrade Superfast Self-healing to three stars!)@@novelbin@@

Ziyun shouted loudly, eyes filled with anticipation.

After the upgrade, it will be time to start skill fusion!

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, then looked at Star and Cancan.

The two little ones shook their heads simultaneously, indicating that they had no objections.

With a total of four scrolls, it’s no problem if Ziyun exchanges for one.

[★★ Superfast Self-healing(Waning Moon level)](i423/2ooo)[+]

4’4’4′

[★★★ Rapid Self-healing(Waning Moon level)](1423/2000)[+]

Feeling the self-healing skill having climbed to a new level, Ziyun’s eyes reflected a burning desire to fight.

Next, it’s time to show the real power!

Four-star skills, here I come!