Chapter 350 - 213: The Combat Furball Actually... !

Chapter 350: Chapter 213: The Combat Furball Actually… !

Translator: 549690339

Hearing Fang Yuling’s exclamation, Xu Ran followed her gaze towards the Combat Furball, and was slightly moved.

These past few days, he had indeed noticed some unusual fluctuations in the Combat Furball, but he had never seen such fluctuations before, and couldn’t pinpoint them, only confirmed that they had no negative effect on it.

Looking at Fang Yuling’s reaction, it appeared as if she knew what was happening with the Combat Furball, and…

She cried out an “Evolutionary sign”, could this change be related to evolution?

If this was indeed the case, then it was quite extraordinary.

Combat Furball was a General Stage Pet Beast, therefore, it naturally was a King Species.

If it had the opportunity to evolve again…

At this thought, Xu Ran couldn’t keep still and couldn’t help but ask, “What do you mean by an evolutionary sign?”

“You don’t know?” Fang Yuling looked at Xu Ran, hesitated for a moment, and then said, “I’ll tell you, but you have to tell me what’s going on with this pet beast.”

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

After receiving Xu Ran’s affirmation, Fang Yuling paused for a moment before slowly speaking, “The so-called evolutionary sign, is when Transcendent Beings find an opportunity to evolve.”

“The Beast Master Association in Xieyun City has a department specifically for studying the evolution of Transcendent Beings, called the Transcendent Evolution Department, whose job is to research the evolution of Transcendent Beings and find more laws of evolution.”

“Through their research, it has been found that every Transcendent Being has more than one direction of evolution. Each Transcendent Being has many possible evolutionary forms. There are two factors that determine which of these forms they evolve into.”

“First is the resources needed for evolution.”

“During the evolution process of Transcendent Beings, their Life Level is enhanced, achieving a transformation like a new body. Such a process cannot be completed easily, it needs a large supply of external energy.”

“The resources absorbed during evolution serve this purpose.”

“Since you have been able to allow three pet beasts to evolve, you should be familiar with this,” Fang Yuling looked at Xu Ran.

“Correct.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Different Evolution Paths require different evolutionary materials, Fang Yuling was absolutely right about this.

What she had just mentioned, the Transcendent Evolution Department within the Beast Master Association, had also intrigued him.

Of course, what he was most interested in at the moment, was the second factor that Fang Yuling had not spoken of yet.

“Is the second one what you just mentioned as the evolutionary sign?” Xu Ran asked curiously.

“Yes and no,” Fang Yuling’s words paused slightly, “The second factor that determines the form of a pet beast after evolution, is called an Evolution shortcut by the Transcendent Evolution Department.”

“Some pet beasts, under the guidance of their own emotions such as anger, excitement, excitement, or under the influence of some special external environment, are more likely to evolve into a certain form. This situation is referred to as an Evolution shortcut.”

“As for this aspect, the Transcendent Evolution Department is still in the exploratory stage,” Fang Yuling’s words paused slightly, “A small portion of the shortcuts for pet beasts evolving into certain types have been discovered, but the vast majority remain unknown.”

“We firmly believe that each pet beast, each Evolutionary Form has a similar shortcut. And this, is our next research focus.”

“‘We’?” Xu Ran raised an eyebrow.

“Yes, I am also a member of the Transcendent Evolution Department.” Fang Yuling nodded slightly, showing no pride in this fact.

“I see.” Xu Ran nodded and appeared thoughtful.

What these people were talking about as Evolution shortcuts sounded like the same thing as the Evolution Rituals.

However, they should be a simplified version of the Evolution Rituals.

So it turned out that beast masters in the second-level towns had vaguely discovered some mysteries of evolution. @@novelbin@@

“Then what is this Evolutionary sign?” Xu Ran continued to ask.

“The evolutionary sign is a rare situation we discovered while studying evolution shortcuts,” Fang Yuling paused slightly.

“If a pet beast hasn’t evolved yet, but it accidentally aligns with the Evolution shortcut corresponding to a certain evolutionary form, there will be an abnormal energy fluctuation in its body. This is the Evolutionary sign.”

“Such a situation is extremely rare. Once it occurs, the success rate of the pet beast evolving into the corresponding form is very high.”

“In the research records of the Transcendent Evolution Department over the past few decades, there have only been a dozen or so such cases. Each of these cases, without exception, eventually completed their evolution with the help of the Beast Master Association.”

“What you mean is…” Xu Ran was slightly moved, “Combat Furball can evolve into the Emperor Species?”

“Yes.” Fang Yuling nodded, seeming unaccustomed to speaking so much at once, she paused again, “As I said before, the Beast Master Association will provide assistance.”

“Because such situations are too rare, and they are of great help to the Transcendent Evolution Department in studying the secrets of evolution. Therefore, the Association will offer significant support to pet beasts showing signs of evolution and their Beast Masters, helping them to complete evolution as soon as possible.”

“Roar-”

The Combat Furball walked slowly to Xu Ran’s side, handed him the empty food bowl, and then nodded at Fang Yuling.

Fang Yuling hadn’t deliberately lowered her voice during their conversation, and with the Combat Furball’s abilities, it would surely have heard everything..