Chapter 352 - 214: Going Home, Little Furball._L

Chapter 352: Chapter 214: Going home, little furball._l

Translator: 549690339 |

[Main Task 3: Out with the old, in with the new

Task Description: The host is to open a branch in the Second Level Town and achieve a local Fame of 70% (40/70).

Task Reward: System Clerk x3, System Upgrade Experience+400]

“Huff     ”

Waking up early in the morning, seeing the panel in front of his eyes, Xu Ran exhaled a sigh of relief, and smiled, “I knew it would reach 40% today.” Ten full days had passed since the Starfire Foster Shop’s Fame hit 30%, and now, the shop’s Fame has finally taken the next step.

Looking at the more than halfway progress bar, Xu Ran felt like he would soon complete the main task 3.

“Let’s go.” Stretching, Xu Ran looked at the three little ones nearby, “It’s time to prepare the first meal of today for our residents.”

Ten days had passed, and with the steady rise of the Starfire Foster Shop’s fame, its reputation had also significantly increased, and it was no longer a shop with a name but no substance.

When people mentioned this shop, many expressed that “it’s expensive, but it’s worth the cost.”

Apart from this, another impression was…

“The boss of this shop is quite skilled, but he’s a rather dishonest businessman.”

Xu Ran felt quite helpless about this.

How can he shake off this labelof being a ‘dishonest businessman’?

This is absolute slander!

Thanks to the increase in reputation, the Foster Shop’s business was thriving, and more and more Beast Masters started placing their Pet Beasts here for foster care.

The number of residents in the Foster Area soared from the initial single digits to the present two digits, exceeding thirty in total.

“Dingdingding  ”

“Time to eat!”

As the sound of the spatula hitting the iron pot echoed through the Foster Area, the residents who were accustomed to this sound quickly gathered and surrounded Xu Ran, waiting quietly for him to distribute the food.

After receiving their meals, the Foster Care Residents dispersed according to their relationships, forming groups of three to five to taste the day’s first delicious meal, not even Ziyun, Star, and Cancan were exceptions.

Not far from the three little ones sat three formidable Leadership Stage Pet Beasts.

They were eating heartily while having a low conversation, occasionally glancing at the three little ones.

These were Fang Yuling’s three Pet Beasts.

On the day they were placed here by Fang Yuling, the three little ones discovered them. Over the past ten days, there had been quite a few open and hidden confrontations between the two sides, and they had come to know each other very well.

“Combat Furball, this is yours.” Xu Ran handed the last serving of food to Combat Furball, who was quietly waiting, not making a fuss. “You’re leaving today.”

“Roar!”

Combat Furball took the food bowl, with a few complex emotions in his eyes. There was anticipation, trepidation, and a hint of reluctance to leave this place. In the end, Combat Furball suppressed these emotions, nudged his body towards Xu Ran as usual, moved to a nearby corner and started eating alone. Withdrawing his gaze from Combat Furball, Xu Ran picked up a bowl of steaming dumplings and started gobbling them down while his eyes reflecting his thoughts.

Last night, the young man who had brought Combat Furball for fosterage, Zhou Che, Zhou Tianwu’s son, had paid a visit. He had informed Xu Ran that his father Zhou Tianwu had regained consciousness and wished Xu Ran not to tell Combat Furball yet.

This indicated that Combat Furball’s return home might encounter a few twists and turns.

Let’s hope everything goes well.

After all…

Xu Ran glanced at Combat Furball.

He was well aware of the changes in Combat Furball over these days.

After breakfast and cleaning up the residents’ food bowls, Xu Ran returned to the first floor.

Knowing that today was the day that Combat Furball was due to leave, unlike their usual routine of training after breakfast, the three little ones followed Xu Ran to the shop on the first floor.

The moment the shop door opened, standing outside was Zhou Che.

And behind Zhou Che stood a middle-aged man who shared some facial similarities with him.

The middle-aged man had a firm face, and his bare skin bore many ferocious scars. He only had one leg, the other amputated from the middle of his thigh, he held a crutch with his muscular hand and maintained his balance.

His face didn’t have much color, and his appearance as someone who had just recovered from serious illness quickly made Xu Ran recognize his identity. This was Combat Furball’s Beast Master, Zhou Tianwu.

“Welcome,” Xu Ran nodded at the father and son, “Are you here to pick up Combat Furball?”

“This…” Zhou Che had a troubled look on his face and hesitated to speak.

On the contrary, Zhou Tianwu broke the silence at this moment, “You must be Boss Xu? I heard from Zhou Che that you’ve been taking care of Combat Furball all these days.”

“You’ve worked hard.”

“It hasn’t been hard work, this is what I should do,” Xu Ran gently shook his head, “Shall we get Combat Furball now?”

“Yes!” Unlike Zhou Che, Zhou Tianwu’s tone was firm.

“Dad…those uncles are still at home!” hearing Zhou Tianwu’s words, Zhou Che was anxious and hurriedly spoke up.

Zhou Tianwu raised his other hand that could still move, gestured it in front of Zhou Che, and said, “I know what you’re saying, but we have to face this situation.”

“Combat Furball is my pet beast, and if it does something wrong, I, as its Beast Master, will bear the responsibility with it!” Even though Zhou Tianwu’s voice lacked some vigor, at this moment it sounded unusually strong and resolute. Hearing Zhou Tianwu’s steadfast words, Zhou Che stopped speaking.

In his heart, of course, he also hoped that Combat Furball could return home.

But…

When he thought of the uncles sitting at home at this moment, his expression was filled with helplessness and conflict.

“What’s wrong?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask, “Is there a problem with Combat Furball going back?”

“Let’s walk and talk.” Zhou Che sighed, signaling Xu Ran to lead the way, while he supported Zhou Tianwu, catching up step by step.

As the three arrived at the foster area on the basement floor, Zhou Che told Xu Ran the whole situation.

It turned out that during this time, other beastmasters of the Hunting Squad, where Zhou Tianwu belonged, had for unknown reasons blamed all the problems of the accident on Combat Furball, claiming that the losses and casualties they suffered were caused by Combat Furball’s impulsivity.

Admittedly, Combat Furball’s flaw bore some responsibility in the accident, but it was not all. This kind of post-event blame on Combat Furball was unfair.

In the past, Zhou Che had been arguing for Combat Furball, but in the eyes of other beastmasters of the Hunting Squad, he was just a kid who knew nothing, his persistence didn’t mean anything.

Just last night, Zhou Tianwu, who had been unconscious for half a month, finally woke up. Before Zhou Che could even enjoy his happiness for long, the beastmasters of the Hunting Squad came to their door first thing this morning. They were looking for trouble with Combat Furball.

This made Zhou Che, who was originally planning to take Combat Furball back, filled with hesitation and conflict, feeling that letting Combat Furball stay in foster care for some time to avoid the limelight was a better choice.

After knowing Zhou Che’s conflict and Combat Furball’s situation, Zhou Tianwu decisively followed along with his not fully recovered body.

Unlike Zhou Che, Zhou Tianwu’s attitude was very firm.

Combat Furball was his pet beast, and if it made a mistake, he would bear it with it together.

Knowing the ins and outs of the matter, Xu Ran breathed a sigh of relief.

Thankfully, it wasn’t that the Zhou family chose to give up on Combat Furball, but that this came about for a reason.

“Combat Furball, is right here.” With the Zhou father and son by his side, Xu Ran stood in front of Combat Furball’s living area.

“Little Furball is living well, thank you for your care Boss Xu.” Zhou Tianwu expressed his gratitude again, then turned his direction towards the living area. Combat Furball, who had already sensed the approach of its Beast Master, was coming over step by step.

Its pace was not fast, and it was slowing down as it got closer and closer to

Zhou Tianwu, looking very apprehensive.

“Little Furball, I am here to take you home!” Zhou Tianwu laughed heartily and shrugged off Zhou Che, who was supporting him, and staggered forward with his walking stick.

Behind him, the Hexagram Star Array sparked with dazzling light.

In the violent wind, the other two General Stage Pet Beasts appeared and gave friendly glances to Combat Furball.

Clearly, they no longer blamed Combat Furball for the fall of their companion in the accident.

“Roar!!!”

Seeing this scene, Combat Furball’s pace became faster and eventually appeared in front of Zhou Tianwu, its body trembling nonstop, with large teardrops falling down.

“It’s all past, it’s all past.” Feeling the self-blaming emotions continuously coming from Combat Furball, Zhou Tianwu’s face was filled with pity and remorse, “Let’s go home together, and we will bear anything together.” “Roar!”

What answered him was Combat Furball’s confident voice.

“Boss Xu, we’ll be going back first.”

Standing at the door of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, Zhou Tianwu spoke again, “I’m really grateful for your care of Combat Furball during this time, its condition has improved a lot.”

“It’s what I should do.” Xu Ran reiterated, then he paused before speaking again, “However, have you thought about what to do next?”

“Those troublemakers are still at your home.”@@novelbin@@

“I’m afraid, it won’t be that easy to deal with.”

Hearing Xu Ran allude to this problem, Zhou Tianwu’s expression was slightly dimmed.

This was also a big headache for him.

The good brothers who had once faced life and death together were now like his enemies, as if they had forgotten their shared hardships. They only wanted to kill Combat Furball to avenge their pet beasts that had been sacrificed.

But no matter what, Zhou Tianwu was very sure about one thing.

That is, he could pay any price to make up for his good brothers in the past, but he would never let them hurt his family members.

And their pet beasts were also his family.

Seeing Zhou Tianwu’s gloomy face, Xu Ran understood.

He extended his hand and gently patted Zhou Tianwu’s shoulder.

“Uncle Zhou, return home with confidence.” Xu Ran grinned, “I assure you that your troubles will be resolved.”

“Hopefully.” Zhou Tianwu sighed, then turned around with Zhou Che and the three pet beasts to leave.

As he watched them go away, Xu Ran silently took out his phone and dialed a number.

“Hello? Fang Yuling? Combat Furball has gone home.”