Chapter 358 - 218: Fusion, Four Stars Skill! _1

Chapter 358: Chapter 218: Fusion, Four Stars Skill! _1

“Next, are you going to fuse three skills with the Fighting Body?”

Seeing Ziyun’s grave expression, Xu Ran asked softly.

Star and Cancan, too, realized what Ziyun was about to do. They exchanged frustrated glances.

Damn, Ziyun has beaten them to it.

Before this, the three little ones had debated about who would be the first pet beast amongst them to possess a Four Star Skill during this allocation of resources.

Of course, Cancan thought it had the best chance, having completed a Three Star Skill fusion and possessing two strong Three Star Skills, bringing it closest to Four Stars.

Ziyun and Star were not to be outdone since they had each hoarded some skill fusion stones while Cancan had none, giving them an advantage here.

An argument the three little ones had never resolved before now seems to be settled.

Taking advantage of teaching skills only she knew to paralyze the other two, Ziyun was the first to enter the skill fusion process.

Star and Cancan realized they were late. At this point, they really couldn’t stop Ziyun’s skill fusion, so they stared at her with envy.

“Meow- ” (I choose Rapid Self-healing, Puncture Explosion, and Martial Arts Specialization!)

After some thought, Ziyun made her final decision.

Initially, her plan was to use Super Phase Field in this fusion, but after obtaining Puncture Explosion, her mind changed.

This skill was clearly more suitable for the Fighting Body.

So, it was selected!

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, used a fusion stone to open the fusion interface, and his mouth twitched slightly in the next moment.

(* ★ *Martial Arts Specialization]+[★★ *Rapid Self-healing]+[ * ★ *Fighting Body]+[***Puncture Explosion]

[Fusion success rate: 0.0093%]

[Initiate fusion?]

[Yes][No]

This time, it didn’t show in thousands.

But are there too many “o”s?

Thousands, tens of thousands…

Xu Ran did the math on his fingers, his face turned black.

Nine point three out of a hundred thousand?!

Four Three Star Skills fusion, the probability is so low?

Taking a deep breath, Xu Ran couldn’t help but look at Ziyun, who was full of anticipation.

How should he tell Ziyun about this despairingly low skill fusion success rate?

“Meow?” (Has the fusion started?)

Noticing Xu Ran’s facial expression change, Ziyun curiously tilted her head.

It seemed like she didn’t feel the fusion was successful.

“Not yet, it starts now.” Xu Ran gritted his teeth and clicked on [Yes].

The fusion of Three Star Skills was inevitable.

So, let’s test the waters with Ziyun’s fusion.

One… five… ten…

More and more fusion stones were thrown into the fusion process, and as the tips of [Fusion Failed] appeared one after another, the sticking “0” in the fusion success rate began to gradually decrease until the probability exceeded one percent, rising towards a level Xu Ran could accept.

Twenty… thirty… forty…

Xu Ran, whose scalp had turned numb from clicking [Yes], held his breath until the words [Fusion Successful] popped up and then let out a sigh of relief.

★ ★★Fighting Body (Full Moon Level)](2195/10000)[+]

(★ ★★ ★Imperial Body (Full Moon Level)](2i95/lOOOO)[+]

Four Stars!

Xu Ran who was closely watching Ziyun’s skill board, finally breathed easy when he saw the added star.

Although he had guessed before that to attain Four Star Skills, a fusion of four Three Star Skills was required, guessing and actually experimenting were completely different.

The team’s first Four Star Skill was born!

“Meow     ”

A strange sound came from Ziyun’s direction, making Xu Ran quickly snap out of his thoughts and can’t help but look at Ziyun.

At this moment, there was a hint of confusion in Ziyun’s eyes. She slowly rolled on the ground, exposing her soft white belly, and her eyes were filled with a daze.

This feeling…

This feeling!!!

For a moment, Ziyun felt like she had seen her great-grandmother she never seen before.

That strong, comfortable feeling that came from deep within her body and bloodline was far more intense than the feeling of upgrading from a Two Star Skill to a Three Star Skill during her time leading the species.

It was a joy that Ziyun could hardly put into words!

So this was what it felt like to become stronger!

Getting up again, there was still a hint of satisfaction in Ziyun’s eyes.

She shook her head fiercely, and then looked at the two pets and one human looking at her.

After briefly exploring her newly-born Four Star Skill, the daze in Ziyun’s eyes completely dissipated, replaced by unparalleled excitement.

“Meow…” (This skill… I…)

“How is it? How is the effect of this skill?” Xu Ran asked eagerly.

“Meow-” (I feel like I can really turn into a sword now…)

“Huh?” Xu Ran was taken aback, only then remembering the teasing suggestion he had made to Ziyun when she achieved her Martial Arts Specialization, to transform into a blade.

At the time, Ziyun naturally could not do it, and according to his estimation, it would only be slightly possible at the Halo Level, by relying on the Martial Arts Specialization.

But now, having fused Martial Arts Specialization into the Fighting Body, the Full Moon Level Immortal Body could already transform into a blade?

That’s not right.

Xu Ran shook his head abruptly.

This skill should have more than just this effect.

“What exactly does it do?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask.

Ziyun carefully sensed it for a while, then slowly answered.

“Meow…” (The effect of this skill…)

Listening to Ziyun’s explanation, the look of surprise on Xu Ran’s face became more intense, while Star and Cancan were full of envy.

The Immortal Body had gained a very special new effect called “Imperishable”.

This characteristic stemmed from the Three-Star Skill of Rapid Self-healing, but it was not exactly the same.

Upon activating the Immortal Body, in addition to gaining incredibly powerful self-healing, Ziyun also gained the effect of being immune to pain during the healing process.

Even with formidable self-healing powers, intense pain in battle could have a significant impact on one’s performance. Even with a strong will, this impact could only be diminished, not completely ignored.

With the temporary immunity to pain, Ziyun could fully utilize her own abilities even after being hurt, the significance of which was beyond doubt for those proficient in close combat Fighting Attributes.

Apart from this, the Immortal Body had three other effects.

The first effect inherited from Puncture Explosion, during the activation of the Immortal Body, the power would be amplified in both penetration and explosion aspects, making it more intimidating.

The second effect came from Martial Arts Specialization, allowing for instantaneous adjustment of the structure of various parts of the body, generating corresponding amplifying effects.

The third effect inherited from the Fighting Body, greatly enhancing the flexibility of the body while performing fighting skills, which received a comprehensive boost.

These three effects, although almost unchanged from the original three-star skills, were far more powerful as a part of the four-star skill.

This was why Ziyun could transform into a sword at the Full Moon Level.

However, becoming a sword was just a playful idea of Xu Ran’s, and the skill could do much more than that.

Summing up all the effects of this skill, Xu Ran could only say one thing.

“A Four-Star Skill, it’s terrifying.”

In response to Xu Ran’s exclamation, Star and Cancan unanimously nodded their agreement.

“Charming!” (“It’s my turn now!”)

Cancan exclaimed, eager to try.

Having witnessed the power of a four-star skill, it was desperate to have one!

It already had two powerful three-star skills. It only needed to choose one of them, and then select two non-talent skills, to directly possess a four-star skill, which was even simpler than Ziyun’s process.

Ziyun could succeed, so could it!

“Cough cough…” Hearing Cancan’s excited voice, Xu Ran coughed awkwardly to break his initial excitement, “Well, there’s a piece of not-so-great news.” “The skill fusion of Ziyun used…”

“48 skill fusion stones.”

“…Charming?!” (“…How many did you say?!”)

Cancan was first stunned, then quickly calculated in its heart the number of skill fusion stones left after Ziyun’s usage. Its expression instantly collapsed.

Excluding the 11 stones Ziyun previously possessed, it had exchanged a total of 37 stones!

Only 11 stones left for exchange.

Worse still, since Ziyun used up that many to succeed, there was almost no chance it could succeed with only 11 skill fusion stones!

“Xi Lu…” (“How about… I lend you some?”)

Looking at Cancan’s devastated face, Star softened and couldn’t help but speak up.

It once had 10 stones, if it exchanged 11 more stones, it would only have 21 stones.@@novelbin@@

Like Ziyun, Star also needed four three-star skills to create a four-star skill, and 21 stones were far from enough.

But Cancan’s fusion was simpler, and perhaps 21 stones could hold hope?

Hearing Star’s words, Cancan’s eyes instantly lit up.

It looked at Star with tears welling up in its eyes.

“Charming!” (“Bigbrother!”)

“Xi Lu (“You must succeed infusion ~”)

Star lifted a hoof, gently tapped on Cancan’s scales as a form of encouragement.

“Charming!” (“Definitely!”)

Cancan nodded heavily.

It would, along with Star’s part, fuse a four-star skill!

“How do you plan to fuse?” Watching the determined Cancan, Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask with a smile.

In response, Cancan thought for a moment.

Unlike Star and Ziyun, its non-talent skills available for fusion were rather limited.

From the previous King Level resources, it obtained Earth-splitting and True Dragon Reverse Scale. Now, together with the Ground Binding Cage which could be exchanged, these made up all that it could use for fusion.

Among them, Cancan had firmly decided to fuse the skill True Dragon Reverse Scale with Dragon Tortoise’s Power, but Earth-splitting and Ground Binding Cage were not suitable for fusion with Dragon Tortoise’s Power.

The latter created a bondage cage, completely restraining the opponent.

So, Cancan’s skill fusion seemed to have only one choice.

Fortunately, this choice wasn’t bad.

“Charming!” (“Fuse the Ground Binding Cage, Earth-splitting, and Earthquake and Sky Collapse!”)