Chapter 359 - 219: The Uniqueness Of Star T

Chapter 359: Chapter 219: The Uniqueness of Star t

“Alright!”

Facing Cancan’s resolute decision to proceed with the Skill Fusion, Xu Ran gave a slight nod.

After borrowing ten skill fusion stones from Star, Cancan had a total of twenty- one. Still, Xu Ran felt that this fusion would be challenging.

Looking at Cancan’s determined eyes, he couldn’t bring himself to dissuade her, so…

[★★★ Ground Binding Cage] + [★*★ Earthquake and Sky Collapse] + [★★★ Earth-splitting]

[Fusion success rate: 0.026%]

[Proceed with fusion?]

[Yes][No]

Looking at the pop-up text, Xu Ran took a deep breath and selected [Yes].

Another round of ongoing failures in fusion began!

As more and more skill fusion stones were being consumed, the success rate of evolution was also rising at a staggering speed.

1%…5%…1O%…

As the number of skill fusion stones neared depletion, the success rate of the upgrade still hadn’t reached a safe level, and Xu Ran’s heart sank.

But the next instant, he paused his mechanical choice of [Yes].

[Fusion success]

Did it actually work?

Xu Ran couldn’t help but glance at the remaining skill fusion stones.

There was only one left.

This is…

With a chuckle and a shake of his head, Xu Ran looked at Cancan’s panel. @@novelbin@@

[★★★ Earthquake and Sky Collapse (WaningMoon Level)] (1093/2000) [+]

[★★★★ Land of Destruction (WaningMoon Level)] (1093/2000) [+]

This skill name…it sounds quite domineering.

Earthquake and Sky Collapse, a fusion of the previous Three Star Skill Earth- shattering Skyfall and Earth Shaking Roar, acquired from the Earth Roaring Rhino.

Perhaps because these two skills are inherently similar, the new skill that Cancan obtained after fusion did not obtain any new effects. It only served to strengthen its existing effects in all aspects.

Earth-splitting, was derived from Xu Ran’s absorption of the King-level resource Earthcore Marrow. This skill allows Cancan to set up an energy point, which could be delayed to detonate and produce a powerful destructive force, catching its opponents off guard.

The recently acquired Ground Binding Cage can bind opponents within a certain range, thus rendering them unable to move.

While these three skills may not seem closely related, the feedback on fusion success rate revealed that they are quite compatible.

So…

Xu Ran looked at Cancan, her expression slightly dazed.

What sort of effect does this new Four Star Skill actually have?

“Charming- ” (That felt amazing!)

Cancan shook her head vigorously, snapping out of her dazed state.

At this moment, she was experiencing the joy that Ziyun had felt earlier.

That breakthrough originating from her Life Level caused every inch of her flesh to rejoice, and this unprecedented feeling was truly intoxicating.

“Meow- ” (Tell us the skill effect quickly!)

Ziyun slapped Cancan on the head, urging her.

Having previously experienced this sensation, Ziyun seemed rather calm by now.

Meanwhile, Star was full of curiosity.

It had never experienced the feeling of upgrading a Three Star Skill to a Four Star Skill through fusion – was it really that exhilarating? It decided that it would definitely give it a try the next time the resources were distributed!

Upon Ziyun’s reminder, Cancan came back to her senses, realizing that in her mind, memories of countless experiences from a new and stronger ability had appeared, while memories of Earthquake and Sky Collapse were slowly fading away.

“Charming…” (Let’s see…)

After thoroughly feeling out this newskill, Cancan’s eyes gradually widened, even her breathing became slightly hurried.

This is…

Could it be…

“Charming!” (So powerful!)

Cancan couldn’t help but exclaim, a shocked and delighted expression on her face.

“Slap!”

Ziyun gave her a slap on the back of her head.

It’s just a Four Star Skill – everybody has them – what’s the effect? Hurry up and say, stop beating around the bush!

Touching the back of her head with one paw, Cancan sobered up this time and began to explain in detail the effects of this called Land of Destruction skill.

After hearing Cancan’s description, everyone’s expressions shifted into shock.

Surprisingly, this new skill did not have the inherently powerful Earthquake and Sky Collapse as its core, but rather the Earth-splitting ability that was learned later on.

The most crucial function of Earth-splitting, setting an energy point and delaying the explosion, had become the core mechanism of the new skill ‘Land of Destruction’ and received a significant boost.

Previously, the energy point set up by Earth-splitting would rapidly weaken over time, limiting the destructiveness due to the delay. But with Land of Destruction, the destructive force of the energy point no longer diminishes with time but remains constant until it disappears after a certain period.

This time can be adjusted according to Cancan’s will and can last up to one day.

Aside from enhancing the core mechanism of delayed explosion, the eruptive force of the Land of Destruction skill also received a historic boost.

The distractive force originally dispersed in all directions from Cancan as the source in Earthquake and Sky Collapse, was now all integrated into the eruptive effect of Land of Destruction.

The same applies to Ground Binding Cage.

If, with the previous Earthquake and Sky Collapse, faster opponents had the possibility of escaping the skill’s range, then with the additional binding force, this possibility becomes extremely remote.