Chapter 351 - 213: The Combat Furball Actually..._2

Chapter 351: Chapter 213: The Combat Furball Actually…_

2

Translator: 549690339

Even under these circumstances, the Combat Furball calmly finished eating its food without showing any emotional fluctuations.

This is already far from normal.

Similarly, Fang Yuling, who also noticed this anomaly, asked, “I’ve already briefed you about the signs of evolution. Can you now tell me about the situation of this pet beast?”

“Sure.” Xu Ran glanced at the Combat FurbaU.

After listening to Fang Yuling explain the association’s emphasis on evolutionary signs and knowing that she was also part of the Transcendent Evolution Department, Xu Ran understood her previous loss of composure. There was nothing worth hiding in the story of the Combat Furball, so Xu Ran explained everything succinctly.

Hearing once again about the mistakes it had made in the past, the Combat Furball, which had shown no emotional fluctuations even when facing imminent evolution, quickly became lost and remorseful, clearly impacted greatly by the incident.

“So…” After listening to Xu Ran’s explanation, a thoughtful expression appeared on Fang Yuling’s face.

Consider the before and after comparisons of the Combat Furball, she could roughly infer that the evolutionary shortcut of this pet beast named Combat Furball is related to maintaining calmness.

For more specific circumstances, it might require the Combat Furball to go to the Transcendent Evolution Department to cooperate with their research in order to confirm.

And the cooperation of the pet beast cannot do without the Beast Master.

This matter still needs to be negotiated with the Beast Master of the Combat Furball.

Of course, Fang Yuling is confident that no Beast Master could refuse the Association’s support.

Didn’t you say that the Beast Master is currently in a coma?” She couldn’t help but to glance at the Combat FurbaU standing next to Xu Ran, “How long until he awakens?”

“Probably ten days.” Xu Ran gently patted the fluffy body of the Combat FurbaU for consolation, “The time left for Combat FurbaU’s fosterage is also ten days.” “Ten days…” Fang Yuling nodded slightly, “Okay.”@@novelbin@@

“By the way, I have three pet beasts to foster here.” Fang Yuling’s tone shifted and a Hexagram Star Array emerged behind her.

Two pet beasts, brimming with powerful aura, emerged from the energy storm and stood next to the Rapid Combat Bee.

One, approximately seven or eight meters in length, had three vicious and ferocious dog heads. Flares of flames occasionally sprouted from its dark red fur, creating a remarkably formidable appearance.

Fire Attribute King Species, Triple-headed Nightmare.

The other pet beast was small and only about a meter tall. Its humanoid body was surrounded by a bright and pure glow. Above its head hung a glowing spindle, similar to a light bulb, suspended in front of its body.

Light Attribute King Species, Lamplight Spirit.

The energy fluctuations from them came second to none compared to the Rapid Combat Bee. They were peerless in their tiers.

Seeing Fang Yuling’s entire pet beast collection for the first time, Xu Ran could not help but acknowledge that her first place ranking on the double board was well-deserved while also curiously looking at Fang Yuling.

Just a moment ago, didn’t she say that she had a friend in need of a foster care service?

In the end, it turns out that the friend was herself, isn’t it?

“Don’t misunderstand!” RealizingXu Ran’s thoughts from his glance, a ripple appeared in Fang Yuling’s eyes, “I’ll bring my friend over tomorrow. As for the fosterage service for my pet beasts, that was a last-minute decision.” Alright, I trust you.” Xu Ran’s expression instantly became sincere.

As long as you really do bring a friend here, I’d believe anything you say! “But…” A curious expression appeared onXu Ran’s face, “Didn’tyou say you didn’t need a foster service?”

“Indeed, I don’t need to foster my pet beasts, but sometimes owners foster their pet beasts not because they don’ t have time to care for them.” Fang Yuling glanced at Xu Ran, “I simply want them to freeload some meals here for a few days.”

Xu Ran: “…”

“Freeloading meals?” He nearly thought he had heard wrong.

Although since the foster feature had been activated to now, many pet beasts that had been fostered in his shop were reluctant to return to their Beast Masters due to the delicious food here.

But a Beast Master voluntarily bringing her pet beasts for fosterage just to freeload meals, Fang Yuling was the first.

“Correct, merely to freeload the meals.” Fang Yuling nodded.

There was one thing she didn’t tell him.

The Transcendent Evolution Department had clear records of the situations of the ten odd pet beasts that had shown evolutionary signs before and after the symptoms appeared.

Evolutionary signs being so rare, and the difficulty of their occurrence is naturally high.

The fastest to show signs of evolution out of these dozen or so Pet Beasts was a Healing Pet Beast, who had been bullied by the other Pet Beasts contracted by the same Beast Master and had been depressed for half a year.

After its evolution was completed, all its Skills became extremely offensive due to its star upgrade. It went from being the scapegoat who could only provide internal healing, to suddenly becoming the team bully who plays target practice with the other Pet Beasts.

Compared to these Pet Beasts, the evolution process was too easy for Combat FurbaU.

Just a few days of Fosterage at Xu Ran’s Pet Shop and it’s showing signs of evolution?

This may have been due to the accident Combat Furball experienced earlier but the food that Xu Ran feeds Combat FurbaU every day may also have some effect.

To figure this out, she planned to let her own Pet Beasts mooch some food.

Even if there isn’t any particular change, it doesn’t hurt for her three Pet Beasts to try the food at the Starfire Foster Shop since they seem to enjoy it so much.

Regardless, Fang Yuling didn’t mind the cost of fostering at all.

After all, she’s a spendthrift rich lady.

Alright then.” Realizing that Fang Yuling just wanted to mooch food by fostering her Pet Beasts, Xu Ran accepted the business with mixed feelings. Pleasure Value and Physical Points that were being freely given were not to be missed.

The three Pet Beasts that Fang Yuling had summoned were currently gathered together, whispering amongst themselves.

Through Contractual Sensing, they had already caught on to Fang Yuling’s idea from her. Even though they were somewhat reluctant to be away from their Beast Master, these sensible beasts were willing to cooperate.

What they’re discussing right now is whether the food at this Foster Shop is really that good.

Among the three beasts, the only one with any say was the Rapid Combat Bee who had just tasted Xu Ran’s cooking.

Currently, it was waving its four arms up and down, constantly making a low “buzzing” sound, doing its best to describe just how delicious the food that Xu Ran makes is.

The other two beasts who had yet to taste it showed looks of curiosity and anticipation.

It sounds like staying here for a few days wouldn’t be too bad.

Looking at the looks in these two Pet Beasts’ eyes, Xu Ran shook her head helplessly, turned around and walked into the Preparation Room. She quickly pulled out two new food bowls and placed them in front of them, “Your first meal during Fosterage, welcome to our shop.”

The two Pet Beasts swallowed their saliva, and in the next moment, they started eating.

With the first bite, their minds were filled with one single thought.

The Rapid Combat Bee was absolutely right!

“Goodbye, see you in ten days.”

At the entrance of the Starfire Foster Shop, Fang Yuling dropped a sentence and turned to leave.

She had already paid Fosterage fees for her three Pet Beasts for ten days. According to her, after those ten days, she will decide whether to continue mooching… oh no, foster, based on the condition of her three Pet Beasts.

And ten days later, when Combat FurbaU’s Fosterage period ends, she will also bring the person in charge of the Transcendent Evolution Department to negotiate with Combat Furball’s Beast Master.

“Farewell.”

Watching Fang Yuling leave, Xu Ran dropped the hand he had been waving in farewell.

[Pleasure value from Combat Furball +2]

Seeing the notification of the sudden increase in Pleasure Value, a smile of satisfaction appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Combat Furball has become increasingly calm, its impulsive and irrational flaw seems to have been completely solved, and on top of that, it accidentally showed signs of evolution.

With these signs of evolution, the Association will provide strong support to it and its Beast Master. It may even become a powerful Pet Beast at the Overlord Stage, or even at the Emperor Stage, one day.

As its power strengthens, the mistake it made during that previous accident may gradually be made up by other methods, and people’s impression of it will naturally change as well.

“But it seems like I haven’t really done anything this time…” Xu Ran stroked his chin, “Other than adding some extras to its food.”