Chapter 353 - 215 Mr. Zhou Tianwu, You Have A Very Good Pet Beast _1

Chapter 353: Chapter 215 Mr. Zhou Tianwu, You Have a Very Good Pet Beast _1 @@novelbin@@

Translator: 549690339

[Extra for Warm Sun Leader!]

“Step…”

Standing outside the entrance of a home he hadn’t set foot in for half a month. Combat Furball paused, a trace of timidity and worry on its face as it peered incessantly into the interior.

“Pat~”

A hand gently patted Combat Furball’s shoulder.

“Little Furball, don’t be afraid.” Zhou Tianwu’s voice was just as it had been in the past, instilling courage and confidence into Combat Furball, “Do you remember what I said to you when we made our contract?”

“No matter how great the difficulty, we will stand together and face it head on.”

“Roar!”

A flash of emotion flitted across Combat Furball’s face.

How familiar these words were.

When it was still a weak Fiery Bun, Zhou Tianwu had said these words upon their first encounter, words it had never forgotten.

Many years later, after so much time battling alongside each other, Zhou Tianwu remained the same.

At this moment, its heart surged with a powerful courage.

Seeing Combat Furball’s mood return to normal, Zhou Tianwu gently nodded. Then, taking a deep breath, he limped forward and slowly yet firmly pushed open the door with the hand he could still use.

Inside the Zhou family’s living room, a little messy, sat four figures whose presence was in no way overshadowed by Zhou Tianwu’s.

At the sound of the door, their eyes uniformly shifted towards Zhou Tianwu.

There was hesitation in their gazes, anger, hidden greed, and when their sights moved from Zhou Tianwu to Combat Furball behind him, their expressions turned into complete hatred.

It was this creature’s loss of control amidst the peril that had caused such a huge loss for all of them!

“Tianwu, we’re here today to demand an explanation.” Among the group, a relatively calm man slowly spoke, “What sort of explanation do you plan to give for Combat Furball’s incident?”

Zhou Tianwu deeply eyed the man who had spoken.

It was the captain of his Sky Dragon Hunting Team, Xu Long. He had always been attentive to his team members, and he hadn’t expected him to join the chorus against him today.

Zhou Tianwu’s already downcast mood sank even further.

Perhaps, it was time to withdraw.

“I’m Combat Furball’s Beast Master, its mistake is my mistake.” Zhou Tianwu’s voice, filled with a hint of exhaustion and hoarseness, responded, “Captain, I, Zhou Tianwu, will proactively exit the Sky Dragon Hunting Team.” “That’s all?” Before Xu Long could respond, a bitter-faced man nearby scoffed coldly, “Zhou Tianwu, after a mistake on this scale, even if you wanted to stay in the Sky Dragon Hunting Team, it wouldn’t be possible.”

“That hardly counts as an explanation!”

Zhou Tianwu fell silent and looked towards the man with the bitter face.

Among the team, his relationship with this man was relatively distant. Yet, that was only relative. Before this accident happened, the two of them had shared happy moments, drinking and joking together. Now, however, the man showed him no sympathy at all.

While Combat Furball was certainly at fault, did it justify this?

With a sigh in his heart, Zhou Tianwu slowly asked, “What sort of explanation do you want?”

“I lost two Pet Beasts in that accident.” The bitter-faced man huffed, “And all of it, was because of your Combat Furball’s loss of control!”

“I can compensate…”

Zhou Tianwu began to speak, but was interrupted by the bitter-faced man.

“You think I need your money?” The bitter-faced man stood up and stepped towards Zhou Tianwu, his eyes meeting Zhou Tianwu’s.

The room fell silent. The three Pet Beast behind Zhou Tianwu showed vigilant looks, and the Hexagram Star Array behind the bitter-faced man shone brightly —two equally powerful auras seemed ready to be unleashed at any moment.

“Liuhe, calm down.” Xu Long warned, “Sit down, we can talk things through.” “Hmph!” Liuhe snorted dismissively, seating himself back down on the sofa, “An eye for an eye. Combat Furball killed my two Pet Beasts. Its life in return. The rest, considering our past camaraderie, you can compensate a King Species’ price.”

“Ha…” Hearing Liuhe’s excessive demands, Zhou Tianwu laughed bitterly in anger, “Considering our past camaraderie… should I thank you then?”

“Was it Combat Furball who brought the Beast Tide that day?” Zhou Tianwu glared at Liuhe, “Mistakes were made in exterminating the nest, a few escapees set off the Beast Tide. Was that Combat Furball’s fault too?”

“Adding insult to injury, looting a burning house, so this is what my dear brothers have become” Zhou Tianwu chuckled bitterly, turning towards the remaining two men, “Do the two of you also want Combat Furball’s life? Combat Furball has only one life, it’s not enough for all of you.”

The remaining two exchanged glances, and soon the one who had originally shown hesitation slowly stood, “Brother Wu, you just compensate me a King Species’ price, and I’ll call it even.”

Zhou Tianwu’s face gained a trace of relief, yet, at that moment, the last person’s words made his expression became grave again.

“I’ll leave as soon as you compensate me for my fallen Pet Beast.” The man took out a long list from his pocket and handed it to Zhou Tianwu.

Just one glance was enough for Zhou Tianwu to fly into a rage.

The compensation the man demanded was enough to raise two King Species Pet Beasts and even included things like emotional distress damages.