Chapter 363 - 221: The Rivalry Of Two Cats_2

Chapter 363: Chapter 221: The Rivalry of Two Cats_2

It’s him!

Ziyun’s peculiarly colored pupils constricted instantly, staring back into the eyes of the Nine-shadow Demon Cat that was also gazing at it, an intangible clash of willpower fleeting between the two pet beasts.

Throughout this period of rank climbing, it had never encountered the other, whose ranking had also never wavered in the slightest.

Who would have thought that just as its strength greatly increased, and it was about to ascend to the top of the current ranking, this guy would actually come to challenge the rank, and his strength has also improved considerably.

“It’s you,” Du Hongchen also recognized Xu Ran in front of him, a playful look on his face, “I have been in seclusion training for some time, I didn’t expect you to pop up.”

“You’re the second of the Leadership Level Beast Masters, with the highest individual combat power, you’re impressive.”

“But, you can stop coveting the first place in the Combat Power List.”

“Even Fang Yuling’s pet beast might not be a match for my Nine-shadow Damo…”

“Why don’t you bring it to our shop for some washing and care? Your Nine- shadow Demon Cat’s fur is a bit rough. With proper care, it can perform at its best.”

Xu Ran’s sudden interruption left a look of bewilderment on Du Hongchen’s face.

“A wash and care?” Du Hongchen couldn’t help but glance at Xu Ran.

He had heard rumors that this guy likes advertising. Now he saw it for himself. Here I am making a tough stand, and he’s trying to turn me into a customer? This is really…

“Sure.” Du Hongchen smirked, “I see you want to climb the ranks too. If you don’t surpass me, how about a free wash and care for my Nine-shadow Demon Cat?”

“No problem,” Xu Ran readily agreed.

Of course, he wouldn’t just advertise out of nowhere.

The Nine-shadow Demon Cat may be the top-ranked pet beast in terms of combat power, but it also ranks high on the Velocity Chart, showing that this dark attribute pet beast is very good at speed.

If they can snatch a dark attribute speed-based skill, Star would surely be thrilled.

“See you later.” Without saying more, Xu Ran led the three little ones into Area C12, leaving Du Hongchen behind with a look of disdain.

“Boom!!!”

With a terrifying roar, a Leadership Stage Armored Rhinoceros with a body size of more than ten meters, robust and burly like a small mountain, was blasted into the ground by Ziyun’s claw, leaving behind a deep pit. Its shattered body turned into countless points of light and dissipated.

Watching this scene, Cancan, who was observing, couldn’t help but shudder.

Although the body size of the Armored Rhinoceros was much smaller than Cancan’s, it seemed to already be imagining the scene of itself being beaten. The big sis is still the big sis, still fierce when fighting.

“Test over.” Xu Ran stood up and waved at Ziyun, indicating it to stop.

With a flash, Ziyun appeared in front of Xu Ran. Apart from its vitality seeming slightly worn because of the continuous fighting just now, everything else was perfectly normal.

“Xi Lu-”

Star neighed, and the ethereal chain instantly linked it with Ziyun. Accompanied by the continuous flashing of the chain’s links, Ziyun quickly recovered to its peak strength at a visible speed.

Star Brand Power Bank, with a main feature of being fast.

After giving a grateful look to Star, Ziyun turned to look at the test result that just popped up.

“Combat Power: 60239”

Broke sixty thousand!

A look of excitement appeared on Ziyun’s face.

Before this, its combat power, relying on the training it had done in this period was only a little away from fifty-three thousand, and its rank in the Historical ’ Rankings had also improved from the original 372 to 107.

And now, the improvement from a four-star skill has increased its combat power by a full seven thousand. This doesn’t even include the bonus from Crimson Gold Electroplating and Scarlet Battle Intent.

Looking at Ziyun’s current combat power, Xu Ran suddenly spoke.

“What was Du Hongchen’s combat power after his upgrade just now?”

It’s about time, he should be finishing his test soon.” Standing at the entrance of the C12 testing ground, Du Hongchen crossed his arms, a look of disdain on his face, “Little Black, I’ve earned you a free wash and care. Aren’t you satisfied?”

“Meow-”

The Nine-shadow Demon Cat licked its paw, its expression calm.

It wouldn’t be so easy to provide wash and care for it. Whether that human could do it well was still unknown.

Due to its uniqueness, the Nine-shadow Demon Cat’s body was actually superimposed by nine identical shadows. Because of the non-overlaps in the superimposition process, its body contour appeared blurred.

Only one of these nine shadows is real, and the specific one varies with time. If the real one becomes clean, the other eight shadows will also become clean.

That’s why the Nine-shadow Demon Cat loves to lick its fur.

One lick, nine times the pleasure!

To wash and care for the Nine-shadow Demon Cat, one must first determine its physical form.

There are only a few washing and care specialists in the entire Xieyun City who can do this.

Well, it’s free anyway.

The Nine-shadow Demon Cat licked its paw twice again and glanced at the leaderboard.

It hadn’t charged the rankings for more than half a month, almost been surpassed by a fellow it had never heard of before, and what’s more, like itself, it was also a feline pet beast.

It wouldn’t feel any closeness to the pet beast called Flash Thunder Cat just because they were both felines. On the contrary, it quite disliked its own kind.

“Ding   ”

A crisp bell rang through the beast trainer ranking area, causing Du Hongchen and the Nine-shadow Demon Cat’s expressions to become serious at the same time.

Was it someone else rushing the rankings that caused the change in the rankings, or was it Xu Ran who just went in?

The next moment, the lit-up leaderboard caused Du Hongchen’s heart to sink.

In the Historical Leadership Stage Pet Beast Combat Power List, a column of light shot up into the sky, attracting attention.

However, what made Du Hongchen’s heart sink even further was the flickering light on the other leaderboard next to it.

The current combat power list has also changed!

It s widely known that those who rush the rankings can’t possibly see a decrease in their rank.@@novelbin@@

If the tested combat power doesn’t exceed the previous test result, then the leaderboard ranking will be based on the previous test result.

So, if a beast trainer who is currently rushing the rankings has a change in their ranking, their position can only improve.

Wait a minute!

As if he had thought of something, Du Hongchen’s eyes shone with a different light.

This guy named Xu Ran, he just went in with three pet beasts.

Apart from the Flash Thunder Cat which was ranked second, closely pursuing his own Nine-shadow Demon Cat, there was also one named Panlong Turtle, which was famous on the pet beast leaderboard.

Maybe the change in the rankings was because of it?

However, the moment Du Hongchen had this thought, the ranking that lit up on the current board shattered his last hope.

His name at the first place and Xu Ran’s name in the second lit up together and then instantly swapped places.

“1st place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Flash Thunder Cat, combat power: 60239″ Looking at the new name in the first place and the combat power number following it, Du Hongchen’s pupils drastically contracted, and his face was full of surprise and confusion.

How is that possible?!

Hasn’t this guy been rushing the rankings all this time? How could he suddenly increase his combat power by so much?!

Equally bewildered and confused were the Nine-shadow Demon Cat.

It slowly put down its paw, and in its shock it temporarily forgot to groom itself.

It was…surpassed?

By that little ragged cat?

No, on what basis?!

While the one-man-one-pet pair was stunned, cries of surprise kept coming from the audience in front of the Historical Rankings.

After the change in the current rankings was over, the rankings on the Historical Combat Power List began to change.

Ziyun, who was originally at 107th place, his name lit up instantly, then kept climbing in front of everyone’s eyes.

Top hundred…top fifty…top thirty…

Amid the exclamation of the crowd, Ziyun’s rank finally settled at 25th place.

25th place on the Historical Rankings!

You must know, that the higher you go, the greater the gap in combat power between the ranks.

Once you reach the top fifty in the Historical Rankings, each rank increase is quite difficult.

After all, those who rush the ranks face countless powerful pet beasts that have left their mark at the Leadership Level over the past three centuries.

This guy…” Du Hongchen took a deep breath, involuntarily looking towards the tightly closed door of the C12 test site.

But a moment later, his expression gradually became strange.

For some reason, a sense of foreboding surged in his heart.

The Flash Thunder Cat’s rush rankings results have long since ended, so why hasn’t Xu Ran come out yet?