Chapter 360 - 219: The Uniqueness Of Star_2

Chapter 360: Chapter 219: The Uniqueness of Star_2

Planting, detonation, binding, collapse.

This skill known as ‘Land of Destruction’ gave Xu Ran a rather familiar sense of deja vu.

He couldn’t help but glance at Cancan, thinking of the only skill that Cancan still had at the two-star level, Burrow Soil.

Under this skill, it could sneak into the earth silently, and combined with the effect of Land of Destruction…

Isn’t this an absolutely perfect weapon for ambushing opponents!

Unexpectedly, his pet beast with the largest size, the ultimate shield, surprisingly also had such a hidden attribute.

This is simply…

“Cool!” Xu Ran vigorously rubbed Cancan’s head, his face showing a look of delight.

Whether it was Ziyun or Cancan, the power of the four-star skills they obtained through fusion was beyond his imagination.

If all goes well, when these three little guys evolve into the Emperor Species, their skills can all be upgraded to the four-star level.

How strong they would be by then, Xu Ran dared not imagine.

“There’s only one last skill fusion stone left.” Xu Ran patted Star’s back gently and spoke softly, “Star lends Cancan nine, and Cancan pays 900 value points.” “Charming!” (Noproblem!)

Cancan nodded heavily, at the same time throwing a grateful look at Star.

If not for Star lending him his own skill fusion stones, he would have to wait until the next resource allocation to complete skill fusion and obtain four-star skills.

“Now, it’s Star’s turn to exchange.” Xu Ran spoke softly.

“Xi Lu-” (Okay!)

Star let out a neigh, then turned its gaze to Ziyun by its side.

“Meow-” (I know, I know-)

Ziyun swayed her paw reluctantly.

“Meow!” (My value points, 2000 for Star!)

Seeing that the eldest sister still remembered this matter, Star showed a satisfied expression.

After receiving the skill Fate Necklace, it offered paid training and energy services to Ziyun every day, collecting 200 value points per day, provided it ten times over the past half a month.

Now, it’s time to collect the money!

Although there is only one skill fusion stone left, when it comes to value points, Star currently has the most in the field.

It looked at the small blackboard and had an idea after a moment.

“Xi Lu~” (Exchange Quiet Night Breath, Desolate Place, 433 skill fragments, and two three-star skill scrolls!)

When it makes a move, it’s impressive.

With the first wave of exchange, Star consumed over ten thousand value points, attracting amazed looks from Ziyun and Cancan.

“Alright.” Xu Ran gave a slight nod, then began skill teaching first.

Quiet Night Breath is a skill obtained from Qin Yue’s Dark Soul Mother. By activating this skill, the pet beast can quickly recover its own strength in a dark environment.

Although this skill does not have as many effects as Heart of Eternal Night, its recovery speed is extremely astonishing due to its pure effect, which is far superior to the recovery speed of Heart of Eternal Night.

Star, who already has Heart of Eternal Night, does not need to use this skill, but can use it as one of the materials for skill fusion.

Even without thinking, it’s clear that it would have a very high compatibility with the Heart of Eternal Night.

In fact, Xu Ran obtained two three-star skills from that Dark Soul Mother, but one of the skills obtained was an attack type, so he couldn’t teach it to Star.

Another three-star skill, Desolate Place, was obtained from another Dark Attribute king species pet beast that Xu Ran had been washing and protecting over the past half a month.

This skill is quite interesting.

Although it doesn’t count as an attack skill, Star could grasp it through teaching.

However, it does have a controlling effect.

The dark attribute pet beast that uses this skill will cover an area with dark power centring on itself, and the opponents within this dark power will temporarily lose the ability to use skills and can only fight with transcendent power.

This effect is known as silence.

The name of Desolate Place is derived from this.

The only skill of Star’s that could be considered offensive is Immortal Star Attraction, which can break illusions.

In Xu Ran’ s view, after upgrading the Immortal Star Attraction to three stars and then fusing it with Desolate Place, it might give Star a unique control skill, making it the second positional role within the team in addition to being supportive.

“Xi Lu-”

Releasing a fervor-filled cry, the Star, excited by the two new skill effects, looked at Xu Ran. The man and the Pet Beast locked eyes, both seemingly having the same thought.

“Next, use the Three Star Skill Scroll to upgrade the Immortal Star Attraction?” Xu Ran asked with a grin.

Star nodded eagerly.

Of all its current skills, only this one remains at two stars.

At least upgrade it to three stars first, then consider the issue of skill fusion.

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded slightly before using the scroll.

[★? Immortal Star Attraction (Full Moon Level)](217/10000)[+]

[★** Star Refusal Ring (Full Moon Level)](217/10000)[+]

Star Ring… @@novelbin@@

Looking at the newly transformed skill, Xu Ran couldn’t help but stroke his chin.

It feels…

The power of Star seems a bit different from traditional Dark Attribute Pet Beasts, no?

Through Washing and Protection, he had come into contact with quite a few Dark Attribute Pet Beasts, none of which seemed to have a skill related to the stars like Star.

Although noting that the Dark Attribute is not entirely darkness but refers to the attribute of the night, stars and moons are also part of the night. However, the dark power and corresponding skills of most Dark Attribute Pet Beast take the form of darkness.

After thinking for a moment, Xu Ran still couldn’t figure it out, so he shook his head helplessly.

No matter, maybe if it evolves into a stronger species in the future, it might reveal some clues?

“What does this skill do?” Turning to the excited-looking Star, Xu Ran curiously asked.

“Xi Lu…” (In addition to strengthening the effect of dispelling illusions, this skill also has the effect of dispelling negative impacts in the area!)

Star began to excitedly explain its skill before finally demonstrating it on the spot.

Accompanied by the dazzling light bursting from its glowing single horn, a ring of stars spread in all directions from the horn, rising steadily.

An invisible force covered the whole scene, instilling a sense of tranquility in Xu Ran and the two little ones within the star ring area.

“Cancan, try Dragon Turtle’s Power!” Xu Ran spoke softly.

“Charming!” Understanding Xu Ran’s intentions, Cancan nodded earnestly, stepped back a few paces away from the range of the star ring, and then promptly used Dragon Turtle’s Power.

The golden Dragon Turtle Light Pattern flickered in the void, quickly spreading towards Xu Ran and the two pets. However, the normally unstoppable Dragon Turtle Power encountered severe resistance the moment it touched the star ring.

The Dragon Turtle Light Pattern dimmed almost to the point of invisibility, and the taunting and suppressive effects originating from Dragon Turtle Power that Xu Ran and the two pets experienced were noticeably weakened by more than half.

“That’s enough, you can stop.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, signaling Cancan to stop.

Through actual testing, he roughly understood the effect of this skill.

When the opponent has a skill that can cover your side and this skill has an effect that affects your side, Star Refusal Ring can protect your side by negating the opponent’s negative impact.

Of course, this negation also has to be measured based on the strengths and other aspects of both parties.

For example, just now, Star’s Refusal Ring couldn’t completely neutralize Cancan’s Dragon Turtle Power because Star and Cancan are of equal strength, both skills are Full Moon Level, but Dragon Turtle Power is a strong three-star skill.

“Speaking of which…” Xu Ran’s voice took on a lighthearted tone, “Star Refusal Ring is a range skill, and so is the Desolate Place.”

“Although Star Refusal Ring is not an attack skill, it can achieve targeted effects against the opponent, just like the Desolate Place.”

“Looking at it this way, these two skills are indeed well-matched. The success rate of fusion will not be low.”

Star agreed and nodded, then remembering that it hadn’t used up all of the resources it had just exchanged, it quickly spoke up.

“Xi Lu!” (Exchange 40 skill fragments for a two-star skill, then use the Three Star Skill Scroll to upgrade it to three stars!)

Eh?

Hearing Star’s suggestion, Ziyun and Cancan’s eyes widened in surprise.

Can it be done like that?!