Chapter 369 - 225 Special Invitation_2

Chapter 369: Chapter 225 Special Invitation_2

Hearing a new noise from outside the door, he shifted his gaze from the empty panel in the air and looked towards the newcomer.

It was a middle-aged woman with a radiant smile and a strong sense of warmth. She stepped into the shop now, her gaze immediately turning towards Xu Ran, “Hello, Boss Xu.”

“Hello, hello.” Xu Ran hurriedly responded. Just as he was about to say something, his expression slightly changed as he looked towards the stairs leading to the second floor, “You three woke up?”

The three groggy little ones came down from the second floor and nodded in response to his words.

Uh… so sleepy.

Xu Ran pointed towards the backdoor, “In the preparation room of the foster area, I have prepared food for you, it’s still hot, go eat it quickly.”

“Meow!” (Let’s go!)

Hearing that there was food, Ziyun’s lethargic face suddenly brightened up. He shouted loudly and was the first to dash towards the back door, closely followed by Star and Cancan.

“Sorry for the little interlude just now.” Once the three little ones had gone, Xu Ran turned back to the middle-aged woman standing in front of the counter, “Welcome, what service do you need?”

“Those are your pet beasts Boss Xu? They indeed look extraordinary.” The middle-aged woman was not upset by Xu Ran’s perceived negligence, smiling she said, “Let me introduce myself first, I come from Monster Wooden City, my name is Xu Qing.”

“Monster Wooden City?” A look of surprise appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

He seemed to have heard of the name, but he didn’t have any lasting impressions.

“It’s normal if Boss Xu hasn’t heard of it.” Xu Qing smiled, “Monster Wooden City is the nearest Second Level Town to Xieyun City, and I am from the Beast Master Association of Monster Wooden City.”

“Ss.” Xu Ran couldn’t help but gasp.

It was actually a Second-Level Town.

At this moment, Xu Ran remembered when he had heard about it.

During the previous exchange event representing Qingzhou City, in addition to the 3 Level towns that had been invited, there were some Second Level Towns that had taken the initiative to come.

These Second Level Towns rarely participated, some didn’t even have a Beast Master make a move throughout, it was as if they had come to watch a show. Monster Wooden City, was one of those towns where no Beast Master participated, which was why Xu Ran’s impression of it was not deep.

“So, what are you looking for me for?” Xu Ran’s face showed a bit more confusion as he looked at Xu Qing, who claimed to be from Monster Wooden City.

“This is the situation.” Xu Qing smiled, “As far as I know, Boss Xu, you are a Beast Master from Qingzhou City and you don’t have any familiar friends or relatives in Xieyun City, right?”

“That’s right.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

“Boss Xu has opened a branch in Xieyun City, presumably because Qingzhou City is too weak.” Xu Qing glanced at the price menu on the wall, “In Qingzhou City, there are very few General Level Beast Masters, and there are no King Level Beast Masters.”

“Boss Xu’s shop can foster King Stage Pet Beasts, it’s really a pity to be in a place like Qingzhou City.”

“So, it’s only natural for Boss Xu to seek development in a Second Level Town if he wants to expand his foster shop.”

“What do you mean?” Xu Ran’s expression became more peculiar.

Hearing the other party introduce himself, he had initially thought that they were here because of the power he had showcased yesterday. But now it seemed that wasn’t the case.

“We, Monster Wooden City, hope to invite Boss Xu to open a foster shop there.” Xu Qing began in a soft voice. “Although Monster Wooden City does not have Emperor Level Beast Masters, it’s still strong and has many King Level Beast Masters, enough to meet your business needs, Boss Xu.”

“As long as you come, Monster Wooden City can provide you with a shop much larger than this one for free, without any taxes, and with multiple supporting…”

“Uh, sorry to interrupt.” Xu Ran stretched out his hand, his face showing confusion and astonishment, “Monster Wooden City, hopes that I’ll open a shop there?”

He could understand every word that the other party said, but when put together, he found it difficult to comprehend.

While the services provided by Starfire Foster Shop are indeed better than other foster shops, was a representative of the Beast Master Association from a Second-Level Town here just to invite him to open a shop there?

“Yes.” Xu Qing nodded, knowing the reason for Xu Ran’s confusion, she slowly explained, “Our Monster Wooden City is different from other Second Level Towns, there are almost no Washing and Protection Services in Monster Wooden City.”

Huh?

Upon hearing Xu Qing’s words, a look of surprise appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Almost no washing and protection service?

That shouldn’t be the case?

The role of washing and protection is not just to maintain the beauty of pet-beasts’ appearance. It also helps them to maintain their good state. Even in ordinary 3rd level towns, washing and protection is an essential part of the pet-beast services industry. @@novelbin@@

So, why doesn’t Monster Wooden City, a Second Level Town, have it?

“All of this starts with the origin of Monster Wooden City,” Xu Qing began softly, “Our Monster Wooden City and other second-level towns in Beast Zone No.47 have a stark difference in their origins.”

“Origins?” Xu Ran couldn’t help raising his ears.

“Yes,” Xu Qing nodded slightly, “Monster Wooden City is located within the territory of an Emperor Stage Transcendent Being. Although there aren’t any Emperor Level Beast Masters, we did gain the protection of that Transcendent Being, allowing us to thrive in the Beast Field.”

“…Within the territory of an Emperor Stage Transcendent Being?” Xu Ran almost thought he had misheard.

Both pet beasts of Beast Masters and the transcendent beings outside the city are transcendent beings, but beings that have or used to have Beast Masters, humans are more accustomed to calling them pet beasts.

So, the Emperor Stage Transcendent Being Xu Qing spoke of could be a wild transcendent being, aka the Beast Emperor of the Beast Field.

A Beast Emperor, protecting humans?

As he contemplated, Xu Ran’s eyebrows couldn’t help but wrinkle slightly. “Indeed,” Xu Qing nodded slightly, “That Emperor Stage Transcendent Being is a towering tree, its race name is Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.”

“Among the transcendent beings in the Beast Field, there are those who do not harbor hatred towards humans, and it is one of them.”

“Strictly speaking, the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood maintains a friendly relationship with all beings, greatly favoring peace, and does not allow disputes and killings within its territory.”

“The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself is a healing type Beast Emperor. It can produce dew with washing and protection effects and give it to all the beings in its territory free of charge.”

“There are even such transcendent beings?” Xu Ran felt enlightened.

At the same time, his confusion about why there were almost no washing and protection services in Monster Wooden City was also resolved.

A Beast Emperor’s dew, which must surely have excellent washing and protection effects, would make any washing and protection services in the fosterage shops of Monster Wooden City redundant.

Demand determines the market. That’s just how it is.

However, Xu Ran still had a doubt.

“Then why are you inviting me to set up shop in Monster Wooden City now?” “Because…” Ahint of helplessness crept onto Xu Qing’s face, “The Sky-touching Mysterious Wood hasn’t produced any cleaning and protecting dew for more than three months now.”

“There seems to be some issue with its state.”

“Since we haven’t developed washing and protection services before, the fosterage shops in the city can’t deal with such a huge demand in a short period. Therefore, we have to invite foster shops from other cities to settle in to help address the urgent need.”

“So that’s what it was.” Xu Ran stroked his chin, appearing contemplative.

He had understood the reasons for the unusual invitation.

It seemed like a good opportunity.

Greater demand would mean more pleasure value he would earn.

But-

Opening another branch in Monster Wooden City would mean having to temporarily close one of his current shops. After all, apart from himself, there were only three system employees who could operate the stores.

The shop in Xieyun City couldn’t be closed, since his main task 3 hadn’t been completed yet. The shop in Qingzhou City couldn’t be easily closed either, as it is where everything began. Besides, he had made up his mind to go back there for a while tomorrow.

Probably only when the fame of his store in Xieyun City reached 70%, and he got 3 new system employees, could he consider going to Monster Wooden City.

So…

“I’m sorry, I can’t leave for now.”