Chapter 362 - 221: The Rivalry Of Two Cats L

Chapter 362: Chapter 221: The Rivalry of Two Cats l

“Tch~”

Standing before the grand gates of the Beast Master List, Xu Ran and the three little ones all showed expectant expressions on their faces.

Although this was not their first time here, this time, their strength had achieved significant growth. Unlike their previous slow climb up the rankings, they should be able to achieve a substantial bump all at once.

Among the crowd entering and exiting the Beast Master List, many noticed this man with his three pets who had stirred up the wind and waves in the List half a month ago, but not many paid them mind.

After all, their ranking was now stable. It seemed like they were only there for the usual daily ranking challenge.

There was no shortage of strong contenders in the Beast Master List, and no one can maintain the spotlight for long.

And this was exactly what Xu Ran wanted.

He had already made quite a name for himself. With so many people keeping an eye on him in the daily ranking challenges, he was a tad uncomfortable. A decrease in the number of people watching him made the ranking challenge more relaxed.

“Let’s go.” Leading the three little ones, Xu Ran quickly stepped into the Beast Master List building. “What ranking should we aim for first?”

“Meow-” (Combat Power List!)

The response came from Ziyun in an eager, enthusiastic voice.

Having mastered a Four-Star skill that normally only Emperor Species could grasp, Ziyun’s strength had significantly improved.

With these improvements, it should be able to surpass the current number one on the Combat Power List in one fell swoop, and bring her rank on the Historical Rankings from beyond a hundred to a higher rank, earning a sizeable amount of Beast Master Points.

This time, it would lead the charge!

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded slightly, “But there’s no need to go all-out. We will also be challenging the Beast Master List later.”

“Meow!” (I get it!)

Ziyun nodded slightly.

No matter how one sees it, the importance of the Beast Master List exceeds that of the Pet Beast List. Thus, when challenging the Combat Power List, it can’t use Crimson Gold Electroplating or Scarlet Battle Intent in order to achieve better results in the successive Beast Master List challenge.

However… Feeling its own strength at this moment, Ziyun’s eyes were still filled with a strong sense of confidence.

Even if Scarlet Battle Intent was banned, and temporarily unable to use Crimson Gold Electroplating, I, Ziyun, am still invincible in the world!

“Charming” (I also want to try!)

Seemingly affected by Ziyun, Cancan also seemed quite excited.

Although its skill direction is mainly defensive, the one that had been upgraded to Four-Stars was its only pure attack skill.

So the resource distribution didn’t give a huge boost to Cancan’s defense, but greatly enhanced its attack power.

Compared to Ziyun’s Immortal Body, it had another advantage, which was its Four-Star skill, Land of Destruction, that had already been promoted to the Halo Level – currently the only Halo Level skill in the team!

Cancan glanced at Ziyun, feeling a bit guilty.

If it surpassed big sister in the rankings, would big sister give it a beating?

It decided to raise the defensive skills quickly during the next resource allocation to avoid painful beatings!

“Xi Lu-” (You two do your best.)

Star let out a neigh and gently shook its head.

The Combat Power List wasn’t of much concern to it.

Since it hadn’t yet gained any Four-Star skills through merging, Star didn’t see a significant improvement in this round of resource allocation. It could only give mental support to Ziyun and Cancan.

While the team of three was talking, they soon arrived at the testing location C12 for the Combat Power List.

The door lit up in red with “Testing In Progress”, showing that someone was currently being tested inside. @@novelbin@@

Xu Ran and the three pets patiently waited. Before the person inside came out, a bell rang, echoing across the whole field.

“Ding???? ”

As the bell rang, the entire Beast Master List quieted down a bit. The onlookers at different locations in the List started to search for the changing rankings.

The next moment, numerous people threw their gazes toward a column of light soaring into the sky in the center of the field.

It was the Historical Rankings changing!

Among the rising murmurs, many figures quickly moved toward the light pillar, wanting to see which big shot had improved his historical ranking.

“That position…” Xu Ran had a somewhat uncertain look on his face, “It seems to be the Leadership Stage Pet Beast Combat Power List we will be going for next?”

“Meow!” (That’scorrect.)

Ziyun’s expression held a touch of seriousness.

It was too familiar with that list.

At this moment, only the top three stars in the current list were on the Historical List. Since it was the second on this list, the one being tested now must be either the third one or the first one.

For some reason, Ziyun had a strong premonition.

The one challenging was not the third!

The next moment, the Historical List lit up. Du Hongchen, who was previously ranked 87th on the Historical List, shot up through the ranks in a very short time.

He jumped to the 4.8th position of the Historical Combat Power List!

He made it into the top fifty!

Xu Ran and the three pets went silent for a moment, then they simultaneously turned their gazes to the still closed door of the C12 testing location.

At this moment, the door slowly opened. A man and a pet beast walked out one step at a time.

Leading the way was a man who, despite his handsome appearance, held a slight softness. However, a chilling murderous intent was reflected in his eyes.

Following him was a somewhat hazy beast in the form of a cat with a shadowy figure. As it moved, it continuously dragged out afterimages, its whole body covered in jet black fur.

It was a Dark Attribute king species – the Nine-shadow Demon Cat.