Chapter 367 - 224 Call From Qingzhou City L

Chapter 367: Chapter 224 Call from Qingzhou City l

As it turned out, Xu Ran had been overthinking.

Upon returning to the foster shop, he saw Fang Yuling’s three beasts that were sponging off his food. She hadn’t stopped lodging her pet beasts in the shop just because he had stolen her first place.

This put Xu Ran at ease.

“Dinner is served!”

Accompanied by the clanging sound of the iron pot and spoon echoing throughout the foster area, Xu Ran, who had just ascended with the three little ones to the top of the Beast Master Leader rankings, returned to his role as a foster shop owner, serving nutritious and delicious food to the well behaved, lined up pet beasts.

With a smile in his eyes observing every foster care resident’s mental and physical condition, his gaze finally rested on a vacant piece of land.

Over the past half a month, this piece of land belonged to a somewhat special pet beast that suppressed its own nature due to its deep sense of guilt, ultimately gaining its own chance here.

“Combat Furball has left, huh.” Xu Ran sighed softly.

Unless there are any unforeseen circumstances, its Beast Master will no longer let it be fostered.

With the assistance of the Beast Master Association and the Transcendent Evolution Department, they will no longer encounter difficulties.

He wondered if he would have the chance to meet it again in the future.

“Let’s go, let’s go upstairs.” After the three little ones had helped clean up the food bowls of the foster care residents, Xu Ran spoke softly.

One person and three pets, carrying the exhaustion of the day, walked from the basement to the first floor shop. Just as they were about to go up the stairs to the second floor, a crisp and pleasant sound was heard.

“Ding dong-”

“Whose phone is it?” Xu Ran instinctively pulled out his own phone. Seeing that there were no notifications on it, he suddenly came to his senses.

No, wait!

This ringtone isn’t from his own phone!

Xu Ran swiftly turned his head to look at the landline phone sitting on the counter of the foster shop – an antiquated and mysterious model that appeared to be no more than a decorative piece.

Indeed, over the past half month of operation, this landline phone was basically just a decorative item.

Up until now, only one person could get through to it.

Teacher Tony!

What’s happened in Qingzhou City?

Xu Ran looked at the three little ones, then swiftly walked over to the landline and picked up the receiver.

From the other end of the receiver, came Tony’s familiar and clear voice, carrying its usual buoyancy and deep resonance, “Hey- Boss, it’s been half a month, have you missed me?”

“Not really.” Hearing Tony’s off-key greeting as always, Xu Ran suddenly calmed down, “You are calling because?”

“As the first system store manager appointed by the boss, I must show my loyalty from time to time, so now your faithful store manager Tony is going to report on the operation of Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City for the past half month!”

“Oh? That’s good.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Although he’s constantly receiving the store’s income from Qingzhou City foster shop in the form of pleasure value, skill points, physical points, and skill fragments minus employee share; he is indeed somewhat concerned about what’s been happening in Qingzhou City foster shop over the past half month.

Anyway, that was the shop he personally ran for two to three months, the place where it all began.

“Go ahead, what has been happening with the shop in Qingzhou City in the past half month?”

“Alright!” Hearing Xu Ran’s approving response, Teacher Tony’s voice raised even higher as if he was injected with chicken blood, “Next, your beloved Tony will give you a rundown on the operations.”

“In the past half month, the shop has provided pet beast cleaning and caring services 596 times, including 142 times for small pet beasts, 197 times for medium-sized pet beasts, 188 times for large pet beasts, and 69 times for super large pet beasts.”

“In the past half month, the shop has added 87 new residents, including 54 residents who have been staying since then, and currently, there are 97 foster residents.”

“In the past half month, the total training time for the pet beasts in the shop reached 5298 hours, successfully completed new skill teaching 12 times, successfully achieved skill proficiency breakthroughs 28 times!”

“And all of this, is thanks to the boss!”

Xu Ran: “…6.”

Before this, he had always thought that people who fawn over their superiors were detestable, but at this moment, he suddenly experienced the joy of being the boss.

“Oh, by the way.” After reporting the situation, Tony paused for a moment, then slowly spoke, “There’s one more thing I need to report to you.”

“From the time you left Qingzhou City to start operating Starfire Foster Care Shop in Xieyun City, a total of 92 customers have expressed their longing for you.”

“These customers are: Su Xiaoxiao, Zhang Yun, Du Heng…”

Holding the phone, Xu Ran patiently listened as Tony recited all ninety-two names, his expression gradually changing.

Among the ninety-two customers, there were those Xu Ran was very familiar with, and those he was not very familiar with, but remembered.

All of them, without exception, were customers Xu Ran had once served in the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City.

Originally, he had always thought that since he was an orphan, besides himself, probably the only people who would care about him were the three pet beasts he spent his days with.

He never expected that so many people in this world would remember him, and even miss him.

“Tony, can system clerks teleport?” Xu Ran suddenly asked.

“Yes, they can.” Tony’s voice came through the phone, “Both system clerks and system store managers have the ability to teleport to any shop, but this ability can only be used with the boss’s permission.”

“In other words, as long as you agree, I and the other two clerks can appear in any shop.”

“Furthermore, transmission for system clerks and the store manager is free.”

“Understood.” Xu Ran nodded slightly.

He turned around to look at the three little ones behind him and began softly after a moment of silence, “Tony, you and the other two clerks prepare yourselves.”

“After tomorrow, you will be in Xieyun City for a while, and I will be in Qingzhou City.”

“Certainly, no problem at all, my boss-” Tony’s voice was increasingly fervor, as if the prospect of new customers to cater to had excited him immensely.

After getting a confirmation from Tony, Xu Ran puts down the receiver.

“Meow?” (Are we going back?)

Having heard the conversation between Xu Ran and Tony, the three little ones looked surprised. Ziyun even raised the question proactively.

For the three little ones, home is wherever Xu Ran is.

Having stayed in Xieyun City for half a month, apart from Starfire occasionally missing his friends at the Mount Beast Breeding Base, Ziyun and Cancan had completely forgotten about Qingzhou City.

How happy it is to climb the rankings here every day!

“Yes, we are going back for a visit.” Xu Ran smiled and patted Ziyun’s head, then looked at Starfire and Cancan, who also looked confused. “Don’t worry, we won’t stay in Qingzhou City for too long.”

“Tomorrow, you will have a day of ranking.”

“I know, there are many rankings that you haven’t yet challenged. Tomorrow evening, you won’t need to rank in the Beast Master List, you can focus entirely on the Pet Beast Ranking.”

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun quickly turned his eyes towards Cancan.

I’ll lend you the title of the top-rated Combat Power for a day!

I’ll take it back tomorrow!

“The next Beast Master List weekly settlement is three days later, and once the ranking is finished tomorrow, subsequent rankings will hardly change at all.” Xu Ran paused for a moment, “So, we will be back before the weekly settlement after next.”

“Which is ten days from now.”

HearingXu Ran’s plan, the three little ones looked thoughtful. @@novelbin@@

In this way, going back to Qingzhou City seemingly doesn’t affect their rewards for ranking.

“Besides letting you rank, there’s another important reason for our leaving only after tomorrow.” Xu Ran paused again, a trace of a smile in his voice, “The points for the Beast Master that were earned from today’s ranking will be credited tomorrow.”

“Qingzhou City is the place where we first met. There are many people and things that we are familiar with. But it cannot be denied, the resources there are far less abundant than in Xieyun City.”

“So, we need to use Beast Master points to exchange some new resources, to ensure that your combat power will not be affected during our time back in Qingzhou City.”

Finally, we’re exchanging for a new batch of resources?

The three little ones were stunned at first, but then their faces soon showed surprise and excitement.

It had been more than ten days since the last time they absorbed and strengthened from the exchanged resources. At this point, they had mastered all the skills contained in the King-level resources that had been exchanged.

Under normal circumstances, achieving this step means that they have absorbed about half of the King-level resources.

But the reality is, they have absorbed more than eighty percent of them, and even completely absorbed one or two of them.

So many abundant energies contained in the King-level resources easily let the three little ones reach the peak of the Leadership Stage, even the physical points allocated today were completely unused.

The problem faced by the three little ones is urgent.

They need more King-level resources.

After this resource distribution, they finally appreciated the goodness of King- level resources. The additional skills gained from these resources have greatly sped up their skill fusion progress, otherwise depending only on the skills exchanged from Xu Ran would not have been enough.

So, the exchange of resources must continue!

The Beast Master points gained from the previous two weekly settlements, from Xu Ran’s rankings in the three Leader Level Beast Trainer lists, and the extra points gained from the three cubs improvements in historical rankings have not been used yet.

These points are all recorded by Xu Ran, and the amount of points that the three cubs have totalled more than 150,000.

Diligently saving up for a thousand days, to extravagantly spend in an instant. After tomorrow, when the points from today’s rankings are credited, it’s time to exhaust all these points!

“Let’s go upstairs first.” Xu Ran chuckled, leading the three little ones to the second floor, “I’ll be meditating all night, you guys go to bed first.”

With the extra meditation speed bonus from the Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card, even him, who has always been slack, has become more diligent.

After all, it’s not easy to win a red item, so he must make good use of it.

Xu Ran is going to meditate all night?

The three little ones looked at each other.

That’s just right, they need to study what King-level resources to exchange for after the points are credited tomorrow.

It’s settled!

No one will go to bed tonight!

When I have time, I will be live-streaming writing on Bilibili, occasionally the cats will appear in the frame. The ID is the same as my pen name. Interested readers can search and follow me.