Chapter 365 - 223 Fang Canghai'S Laughter L

Chapter 365: Chapter 223 Fang Canghai’s Laughter l

“My god, in such a short time, Xu Ran has ascended to first in the overall power rankings?!”

Among the crowd that had gathered at the news, Qin Can couldn’t help but grimace, quietly exclaiming, “This guy is simply absurd!”

“Look at him, then look at yourself.” Upon hearing Qin Can’s words, Qin Yue rolled her eyes in annoyance. She then proceeded to slap the back of his head, “He’s a couple of years younger than you, yet he’s already topped the Leadership Level Beast Master List twice!”

“Sis… you didn’t reach this ranking either, did you?” Qin Can held his head with both hands, speaking with a helpless expression on his face.

At those words, Qin Yue was rendered speechless. After a moment of silence, she grabbed Qin Can’s ear, “You dare talkback?!”

“Sis! Sis! I was wrong!” Qin Can’s handsome face contorted in pain as he tiptoed in the direction Qin Yue was pulling, trying to alleviate his earache.

“That’s good as long as you recognize your mistake.” Qin Yue hummed, releasing Qin Can’s ear at once. She crossed her arms, looking at the Beast Master List in front of her, “Indeed, a formidable guy.”

At this moment, she had no more grumbles about Xu Ran surpassing her in the Velocity Chart.

For some of the monster-like talent, this was merely basic performance.@@novelbin@@

“Make way! Make way!”

From the other side of the crowd, a disturbance arose, with intermittent shouts for people to make way for something.

“Who is it?” Qin Can was somewhat annoyed.

He had struggled to get to the front of the crowd; Why should he make way?

With this thought in mind, Qin Can couldn’t help but tiptoe, trying to see over the sea of heads to understand what was happening.

The next moment, Qin Can’s expression froze and without a second word, he pulled Qin Yue aside, stepping back and making way like the others.

“Why are you pulling me? You…” Qin Yue instinctively began to ask only to be interrupted by long black hair sweeping past.

That was…

Fang Yuling?!

An expression of surprise crept onto Qin Yue’s face. She couldn’t help but follow Fang Yuling’s figure until she stopped in front of the Beast Master Overall Power Ranking.

Then, Qin Yue’s surprise intensified into anticipation.

Things were becoming more interesting.

Although she existed in a different skill tier than Fang Yuling, Qin Yue had always been captivated by Chairman Fang’s only daughter. Word had it that the young lady was cold and aloof. It was unexpected that even she was attracted by Xu Ran.

Right, maybe she never thought that a peer could surpass her.

What would her reaction be when Xu Ran comes out?

Many spectators among the crowd, thinking along the same lines as Qin Yue, shifted their gaze from the C02 testing area to the young woman in front of them.

Unaware of the many eyes observing her from behind, Fang Yuling gently lifted her head, intently looking at the two names at the top of the board.

Since she topped the list, she had held her position firmly. Many had tried to surpass her hoping to prove themselves as the most powerful Leadership Level Beast Master; before this, none had succeeded.

Having grown up surrounded by Emperor Level Beast Masters, including her father, and possessing a talent for evolution research that surpassed even her father, Fang Yuling had resources available to her that others could not even dream of.

The more they wanted to surpass her, the more desperate they would feel.

At this point, Fang Yuling, who had been at a standstill in the Third Stage Contract Power for a while, had maxed out the skill proficiency level of her three pet beasts to Halo Level, the peak level a Leadership Stage Pet Beast could attain.

In such circumstances, Fang Yuling never thought that anyone could surpass her so effortlessly.

How much time has passed since Xu Ran first attempted to break into the Beast Master List?

In less than half a month, he had risen from obscurity to top the Beast Trainer Overall Power Ranking.

If she was considered a monster, then what was he?

Looking firmly at the name high above her, Fang Yuling was silent for a long while, eventually managing to ask, “Where is he?”

At Fang Yuling’s question, the crowd fell briefly silent before a voice rang out from somewhere within.

“He is in the C02 testing area.”

C02…

Fang Yuling suddenly looked up, shifting her gaze to another leaderboard nearby.

The current Leadership Level Beast Master Pet Beast Team Power List.

Almost the moment her gaze fell on the leaderboard, a deep roar echoed through the entire Beast Trainers Ranking area. It was like a heavy hammer pounding the hearts of each spectator, as well as Fang Yuling’s.

“Dang     ”

“Sigh…”

After reaching its peak, Ziyun’s power swiftly plummeted, noticeable to the naked eye. It seemed weak in an instant as though the fearsome force was merely an illusion.

It quickly shrank to its pocket-sized state and then began to stagger toward Xu Ran’s direction, step by step.

Having just used the Crimson Gold Electroplating skill, its Thunderforce had reached its absolute limit. Now, with the onset of Scarlet Battle Intent’s backlash, its Fighting Attribute was temporarily sealed, leaving it completely drained.

However, all of this was worth it.