Chapter 361 - 220: Beast Trainer Ranking, Are You Ready? _1

Chapter 361: Chapter 220: Beast Trainer Ranking, Are You Ready? _1

Three Star Skill Scrolls have two effects.

One effect is randomly gaining a Three Star Skill; the other is enhancing a non- Three Star Skill up to the level of a Three Star.

In theory, the former should be more cost-effective, as it’s acquiring a new skill out of nowhere, yet in previous usage, the three little ones used it as a tool to enhance their existing Three Star Skills.

And the reason is simple.

Because a randomly appearing Three Star Skill brings considerable uncertainty.

With each addition of Skill Points, each Skill Fusion, and each enhancement, the three little ones have come to realize that having more skills is not necessarily better.

Fusing non-talent skills as much as possible into talent skills that can’t be fused temporarily, and reducing the total number of their own skills, helps to focus resources more narrowly on their skills.

And in the fusion process, the non-talent skills do not completely disappear; their skill effects also merge into the talent skill, forming part of the talent skill.

Such enhancement is optimal.

Therefore, obtaining a non-useful skill that cannot be used for fusion through a Three Star Skill Scroll, would be a frustrating thing for three little ones.

To obtain new Three Star Skills, the three little ones prefer to exchange Teachable Skills or use 200 Skill Fragments to exchange for a specific Three Star Skill.

Although the latter two consume more Value Points, they can steer a clearer course.

However, now, the choice made by Cancan presents a brand new approach to Ziyun and Cancan.

That is to exchange a Two Star Skill, and promote it to Three Star.

This way, the total cost would only be one thousand four hundred Value Points, saving six hundred, and they can obtain a comparatively definite Three Star Skill through a precise Two Star Skill.

Although exchanging a One Star Skill could save even more, from One Star to Three Stars there is much more uncertainty than from Two Stars to Three Star.

This can be seen from the fact that the reduction skill uses three Three Star Skill Scrolls, but has turned into three different Three Star Skills.

Having understood these nuances, Ziyun and Cancan were now looking at Cancan with added admiration.

Impressive!

Even Xu Ran, couldn’t help the smile on his face growing wider.

Many times, he wouldn’t interfere in the resource allocation process among the three little ones, like choosing to exchange Two Stars and then upgrade to Three stars.

Of course, he had thought of having it done this way, yet never reminded the three little ones.

That being said, it seemed that it was always Cancan who first put forward either borrowing Value Points or selling resources to other Pet Beasts. This time was no different.

“What kind of Two Star Skill are you going to exchange?” Pushing aside his thoughts, Xu Ran asked aloud.

HearingXu Ran’s question, Cancan showed a thoughtful expression.

The Three Star Skill that it wanted to exchange and then enhance was naturally for the purpose of Talent Skill Fusion, having determined this aim, the direction was pretty much set.

At this moment, Cancan already had six non- talent skills.

The earliest one was the Gap Flow Shuttle which came from the enhancement of the Reduction Skill.

The Fate Necklace was obtained from the King-level resources, the Star Falling Power from King-level resource “Star Fragment,” and the Late Night Echo Snail from the King-level resource “Late Night Echo Snail.”

Also, just recently acquired teaching skills were Quiet Night Breath and Desolate Place.

Among these skills, Quiet Night Breath and Star Falling Power are both regenerative skills and will certainly be fused with Heart of Eternal Night in the future.

The Gap Flow Shuttle, as a speed-enhancing skill, is only compatible with the fusion of Moon Concealment Star Racing.

Featuring ways to amplify Dark Attributes, the Late Night Echo perfectly complements Night Rune and is the first choice for Night Rune fusion.

The Fate Necklace has to be fused with Fated Star Pulling without question.

As for the Desolate Place, it has already been determined to be fused with Star Refusal Ring in the future.

Even though it possesses so many non-talent skills, Cancan hasn’t been able to put together four skills that can be immediately fused into Four Star Skills.

So…

Select the closest one to start.

“Xi Lu- ” (I need a Two Star Skill that fits with Quiet Night Breath, Star Falling Power and Heart of Eternal Night!)

“Fusing with Heart of Eternal Night first…” Hearing this, Xu Ran slightly nodded.

The Heart of Eternal Night, combining restoration, healing, and amplification, has always been a crucial skill for Cancan. Enhancing it to Four Star first is a good choice.

Since Quiet Night Breath and Star Falling Power primarily focus on regenerating effects, the next step is to choose an amplifying type Two Star Dark Attribute Skill.

Xu Ran opened the exchanging list of Two Star Dark Attribute Skills and quickly locked onto a skill named Night Brilliance.

This skill is a pure amplification skill; one of its effects is completely the same as one of Heart of Eternal Night, increasing all Dark Attribute Skills.

In the opinion of Xu Ran, the degree of perfection of Heart of Eternal Night at this moment was already satisfying, containing enough effects. It was unnecessary to keep adding new ones.

Remember: moderation is the best policy.

Therefore, fusing with skills that have completely overlapping effects is the best choice.

Exchange, teach, use the Scroll.

In one sitting, there was soon an entirely new skill in Cancan’s skill list.

(★★★BlackNight Sonata (Stardust Level)] (0/100)[+]

“How’s the effect?” Xu Ran looked at Cancan expecting feedback.

“Xi Lu~” (I am very satisfied!)

After briefly feeling the effect of this skill, Cancan excitedly nodded its head.

As Xu Ran speculated, this purely Dark Attribute amplification skill did not encounter any abnormalities in its upgrade process from two-star to three- star. It simply evolved from a two-star level to a three-star level, without any other changes apart from a comprehensive enhancement of its amplifying effect.

It would surely result in an epic level boost for the Heart of Eternal Night when the skill is fused with the other two non-talent skills.

“Xi Lu!” (‘I’ll be the first to fuse in the next resource allocation!’)

A star cried out and looked at Ziyun and Cancan. @@novelbin@@

Ziyun and Cancan cast each other a glance and both nodded decisively.

They both already possess four-star skills, only Star still does not have one. That’s why it’s only reasonable for it to be given the first chance at fusion in the following round.

With the affirmative response from his two companions, Star became even more excited.

It’s already eagerly anticipating the next resource allocation.

“You still have 4.00 Skill Fragments,” said Xu Ran, reminding Star.

“Xi Lu!” (‘Not yet needed!’)

Star shook its head.

It’s not necessary to prepare for the fusion of subsequent skills at such an early stage as the first four-star skill is yet to have a successful fusion. If during this process Xu Ran obtains new teachable skills or Star exchanges new King-Level resources and acquires new skills, it would not be worth it if there are duplicates.

Good steel should be used on the blade edge!

As Star laid out its ideas, Xu Ran nodded slightly with an approving look while Ziyun and Cancan also showed thoughtful expressions.

It always seemed that… Star was full of ideas during every resource allocation.

Oh no!

Could it be that this guy is the most intelligent amongst them?!

“Star’s exchange has come to a temporary conclusion,” Xu Ran paused a little while looking at Ziyun and Cancan, “What about you two, would you like to exchange anything?”

“Charming!”C The last three-star Skill Scroll!’)

Cancan spoke without hesitation and collected the last Scroll. It had almost forgotten that its Burrow Soil hasn’t been upgraded yet!

“Alright,” Xu Ran gave a nod, knowing already where Cancan would put this scroll to use, without it needing to explain further.

Moments later, the two-star Burrow Soil skill on Cancan’s skill panel quickly vanished, replaced by a brand new skill.

[★★Burrow Soil (Full Moon Level)](379/ioooo)[ + ]

4′ 4′ 4′

[★★★ Subterranean Shape Pond (Full Moon Level)](379/ioooo)[+]

After understanding the effect of the new skill and reopening its eyes, Cancan, under the curious gaze of two beasts and one human, voluntarily introduced the new skill.

Compared to the previous Burrow Soil skill, Subterranean Shape Pond, in addition to increasing the speed of burrowing under the earth, also has a new effect.

Cancan can grant the same ability to objects and creatures it touches.

Initially, Cancan could only burrow under the earth by itself, but now it has the ability to bring people or objects along while burrowing.

Hearing this, Star suddenly wore a strange expression.

It seemed to sense a hint of danger. Could its status as a mount be taken over by Cancan?!

“This skill isn’t bad,” Xu Ran stroked his chin while giving his final judgement.

Even though it seemed that this skill wouldn’t be able to reach the strength of three-stars, it was indeed a three-star skill.

Therefore, there must be some special aspects that even Cancan is not familiar with at this moment.

Specific details could be explored later.

As for now…

“Continue with resource allocation!”

After Cancan exchanged the final three-star Skill Scroll, the second round of resource allocation for the three pets began. Star, who had already exchanged more than 4.00 Skill Fragments, did not exchange any more. Ziyun and Cancan split the remaining Skill Fragments between themselves for exchange.

As usual, the four Energy Abundant Potions were taken by Ziyun, who still has stamina demands, while Skill Points were once again contested over by the three pets.

In the end, Cancan, who had more Value Points left, won the race. It exchanged the most Skill Points, all of which were added to its Land of Destruction, which had just upgraded to four stars.

[★★★★Land of Destruction (Full Moon Level)](1093/10000)[+]

4′ 4′ 4′

[★★★★Land of Destruction (Halo Level)](o/5oooo)

Although it didn’t possess the first four-star skill in the team, Cancan, by virtue of being the first to add points to the skill, successfully held the first Halo Level skill in the team.

Ziyun and Star, on the other hand, added their Skill Points to the Immortal Body and Heart of Eternal Night respectively. Although they could not directly break through to the Halo Level, they were now not far from it.

If all goes well, they might not need to wait until the next resource allocation, but could make the breakthrough simply through daily training.

As for the other resources, the three pets temporarily had no demand and collectively chose not to allocate them.

Once the resource allocation was over, Xu Ran threw the small blackboard and chalk aside and looked at the three pets whose overall strength had improved significantly.

“Now, it’s time for us to check the Beast Trainer Ranking!”