Chapter 366 - 223 Fang Canghai'S Laughter_2

Chapter 366: Chapter 223 Fang Canghai’s Laughter_2

Behind it, the countless corpses of transcendent beings piled up like mountains. They shattered simultaneously, transforming into a rain of light that poured from the sky. Then slowly, they disappeared into thin air.

A four-star skill, Halo Level- Immortal Body.

Yes, Halo.

Previously not far from reaching the Halo Level, Ziyun, in the midst of a fierce and relentless battle frenzy, took that step. Just like Cancan’s Metropolis of Ruin, its proficiency reached the peak level of the leadership stage.

Together with the Scarlet Battle Intent that specifically increased the power of fighting expertise skills, Ziyun was like an incarnate deity, making a witnessing Cancan unconsciously shrink its head.

As it turns out, when big sis was hitting itself, she was holding back!

“You worked hard.”

Reaching out his hand and gently rubbing Ziyun’s head, Xu Ran, who was walking down from the high platform, held the creature showing signs of exhaustion in his arms. On his face, he wore a touch of regret.

It was clear to see, Cancan surpassing it to become the top of the Combat Power List was a big shock to Ziyun.

In the testing process of the overall combat power list, the oppressive sense displayed by Ziyun was extremely intense. With the power of the Scarlet Battle Intent combined with the breakthrough of the Halo Level four-star fighting expertise skill Immortal Body, Ziyun’s power didn’t seem like it was at the Leadership Level.

“Meow-” (I can become stronger!)

Ziyun rubbed against Xu Ran’s palm, though its face was full of exhaustion, its eyes still carried the burning desire for battle.

It had not tried using the Crimson Gold Electroplating and Scarlet Battle Intent at the same time. Otherwise, it would have been able to display even greater power.

“Try not to use both skills simultaneously.” Xu Ran, realizing Ziyun’s idea, softly said, “Both of these skills currently have significant side effects. The backlash from using them together is even bigger. It isn’t necessary unless it’s an absolutely desperate situation.”

“Meow-” (Alright, alright.)

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, Ziyun obediently nodded its head, the burning desire in its eyes slightly dimming. Then it glanced at Cancan who had shrunk and obediently stayed aside, it nodded in satisfaction.

Good, it seemed that little brother Cancan finally understood who was the strongest in the team.

So what if there was the Combat Power List? That was all just empty fame!

Xu Ran smiled, then lifted his head to look at the test results that had popped up at some unknown time.

“Pet Beast Team Combat Power: 392398”

If he remembered correctly, Fang Yuling’s pet beast team combat power was thirty-eight thousand or so.

So, did this mean he was now number one in all three lists?

“We should leave now.” Xu Ran turned to look at the three little ones, who also wore expressions of excitement, “If we stay any longer, Fang Yuling might come give us trouble.”

“Meow!” (If she comes, we’ll hit her!)

Ziyun in Xu Ran’s arms, menacingly waved its paw.

At this moment, it had absolute confidence that it could coordinate with Star and Cancan to defeat Fang Yuling’s three pet beasts!

However, the next moment, Ziyun felt a wave of intense exhaustion rushing towards it.

Oh right… it had almost forgotten that it was still in the backlash phase.

“Meow!” (A strategic retreat, we’ll fight again next time!)

Looking at the weak Ziyun, Star and Cancan agreed and nodded their heads.

The person and his three pets walked out of testing area C02 while joking around. However, as soon as they emerged, their laughter ceased the moment they saw the figure waiting outside.

Just as expected…

Speak of Cao Cao, and Cao Cao arrives…

Looking at Fang Yuling, whose expression could not be deciphered, Xu Ran gave a light cough and was about to speak when he saw the woman turn around and leave without uttering a single word.

“Eh…”

Watching the hastily retreating Fang Yuling, an expression of contemplation emerged on Xu Ran’s face.

Everything else was easy to deal with, but she wouldn’t stop fostering her pet beasts at the shop anymore, would she?

At the top floor of the grand main building of the Beast Master Association, in a super-large office, a robust man with firm and steadfast features was sitting at his desk and carefully examined the files in his hand.

“Tap tap tap—”

The frantic knocking on the door broke his reading rhythm.

“Come in.” The man put down the files in his hand, calmly massaging his temples in an attempt to alleviate the fatigue from dealing with matters over the past few days.

“President!”

As the office door was pushed open, a middle-aged man quickly stepped forward, a look of respect on his face. “The replies from the other second-level towns have arrived.”

“Let me see.” On hearing his subordinate’s report, an interested look crossed the man’s face. He took a stack of letters from him, opening and browsing through them one by one.

While the man was reading, his subordinate stood nearby, a barely concealed look of awe and admiration in his eyes.

In the Xieyun City Beast Master Association, only one person was referred to as the president.

He was the strongest in Xieyun City, the only Emperor Level Beast Master – Fang Canghai.

After reading the letters, a hint of helplessness appeared on Fang Canghai’s face. He shook his head slightly. “It seems that these key towns have already secretly formed alliances.”

“We humans, living within the Beast Field, ought to band together in the face of such a crisis. However, some believe that I have ulterior motives…as if my ambitions have spiraled out of control…heh.”

Fang Canghai shook his head again. “We all reside within the Shining Holy Kingdom, under the jurisdiction of the first-level capital, Broken Abyss City. As a mere Emperor Level Beast Master, do they think I could cause an upheaval?”

“President, it appears that they are measuring the depth of a well with their own warped yardsticks.” The middle-aged manchimed in. “However, their proposed plan…”

“Agree to their terms.” Fang Canghai declared calmly, “They think that Leadership Level Beast Masters are ants, insufficient to display the strength of second-level towns? They want to exchange resources between General Level and King Level Beast Masters?”

“Then let them come!” Fang Canghai’s face gradually turned serious. “I can feel that an old friend from deep within the Beast Zone No.4.7 is growing restless.”

“An alliance is necessary.”

“Yes!” The middle-aged man nodded heavily.

“Whew—” Throwing the last envelope onto the table, Fang Canghai rubbed his temples again. “Let’s talk about something lighter, there haven’t been many pieces of good news lately.”

“Um…” At Fang Canghai’s words, a hint of hesitation and curiosity appeared on the middle-aged man’s face. “Speaking of lighter matters, I did hear something on the way here, though I’m not sure if it’s good news.”

“Oh? Do tell.” Fang Canghai glanced at his subordinate who had been with him for over ten years. “Stop beating about the bush.”

“Yes!” The middle-aged man nodded. “Yu Ling has been dethroned as the number one on the Leadership Level Beast Master List.”

“Oh?” On hearing the news, Fang Canghai didn’t look unhappy. Instead, he laughed. “Interesting.”@@novelbin@@

“Someone surpassing Yu Ling in the Leadership Level ranking is quite impressive.” Fang Canghai looked intrigued. “Tell me, which genius Beast Master managed this? The Association can’t afford to lose such talents, we need to provide them with more resources.”

“Well…” On hearing Fang Canghai’s question, the subordinate’s look became even more peculiar.

If it were a talented Beast Master from Xieyun City, that wouldn’t be an issue.

But the person who surpassed Fang Yuling…

“That person is from Qingzhou City, the same Xu Ran who defeated all the Leadership Level Beast Masters from Xieyun City at the recent exchange event.”

“What?” On Fang Canghai’s face, for once, something other than calmness appeared.

Speaking of which, the revolt initiated by the alliance of other second-level towns was not entirely unrelated to Xu Ran.

After all, in their letters, they mentioned the fact that all the Leadership Level Beast Masters from Xieyun City were beaten by a Beast Master from a mere third-level town.

“That kid…”

Fang Canghai tapped on his desk with his finger, a contemplative look on his face.

This Beast Master named Xu Ran who participated in the exchange event was even a few years younger than his daughter.

A prodigy like this could not possibly have been nurtured in a third-level town.

Where on earth did he come from?

As he continued his pondering, Fang Canghai suddenly chuckled.

“Regardless, Yu Ling finally has a peer to target, and doesn’t have to be obsessed with surpassing her father’s rank on the Historical Rankings.”

“President, do we need to probe this Xu Ran?” The subordinate asked for instructions.

“No need.” Fang Canghai laughed. “He’s just a Leadership Level Beast Master. We’ll observe him a little longer.”

Chapter II: Go, go, go.