Chapter 364 - 222: Ziyun: What? It'S Abackstab!_L

Chapter 364: Chapter 222: Ziyun: What? It’s abackstab!_l@@novelbin@@

“Boom!!!”

A light yellow halo soared up into the sky, pulling countless grains of sand from thin air, connecting each other by an invisible force, shaping up into a large net of terrifying entrapment.

In the giant net, thousands of Transcendent Beings were frozen in their tracks, even twitching was impossible under such an enormous power disparity, let alone escaping this terrifying zone that will bring about their obliteration.

The next moment, the Transcendent Beings along with the giant net started to collapse, as if an invisible, colossal hand was crushing them all together. With the immense pressure, their flesh and bone structures contorted.

Following it, a wave of sky-shaking roars echoed throughout the battlefield. Centered on the gigantic net, a terrifying explosion sparked what nearly materialized into an energy storm, sweeping the entirety of the test field round after round.

Four-star skill, Halo Level ■ Land of destruction!

“Sure-”

Cancan swiveled its massive stature that stood like a mountain, lifted its head high, and let out a proud roar. Then, its body rapidly shrank. Within a split second, it transitioned from a hundred-meters-tall horrific body into a petsized small turtle of about one meter, and leisurely returned to Xu Ran.

“Excellent.” Xu Ran patted Cancan on its head and looked up at the popped out testing result.

“Combat Power: 63196”

Gazing at this combat power, the trio fall silent and Starfire and Cancan almost immediately turned to look at the petrified Ziyun.

Ziyun: “Meow meow meow?”

Its triumphant expression instantly froze and the joy of being the top of the rank evaporated.

Unexpectedly, instead of the Nine-shadow Demon Cat’s comeback, it was

Cancan who stabbed them in the back!

This guy…

This guy!!

Ziyun quickly turned its head, looking at Cancan who awkwardly darted its eyes in a different direction.

I’m first in combat power! Ahhhhhh!

For a moment, Ziyun wanted to unleash the Crimson Gold Electroplating and

Scarlet Battle Intent and take another test.

However, thinking about the forthcoming Beast Master List, Ziyun temporarily

let go of this idea and shot Cancan a fierce glare.

Once the Immortal Body ranks up to Halo Level, it will definitely regain the top

spot!

As a pet entity that focuses on attacking skills, it is unthinkable that it would lose to Cancan, who only has one output skill. This is simply a shame for cats!

“Let’s go, we should go out.” Xu Ran, with a grin, tousled Ziyun and Cancan’s hair at the same time. “We have both the first and second spots. It’s pretty

nice.”

Upon hearing this, Ziyun felt a slight improvement in its mood.

Right-

No matter how you look at it, it’s better to lose to its own teammates than to

others…

But, it will reclaim this top spot!

Definitely!

“XiLu-” (Cheer up!)

Starfire was all too happy to facilitate the drama. After all, the Power Listing

had nothing to do with it.

The trio began to talk and laugh their way out of the testing venue, and soon they saw Du Hongchen, standing still as a statue.

“You…”

Du Hongchen looked at Xu Ran who was walking towards him, his breathing gradually becoming more erratic.

How dare he bully me like this.

It’s one thing to be surpassed by his Flash Thunder Cat, but now even his

Panlong Turtle has surpassed me.

Just remember, that Panlong Turtle was hardly qualified to be in the Historical Rankings before!

With the shift in rankings, not only has the Panlong Turtle become the current list’s number 1, but it has also miraculously broken into the top 10 places in the Historical Rankings.

The top ten!

He couldn’t believe that Xu Ran had improved so much in such a short period.

Remember, both these pets attempted the Combat Power List earlier today.

Their combat power improvement was nearly zero, and they didn’t improve their ranks any.

So, there is only one explanation!

Du Hongchen strides over to Xu Ran, extends his hand to grab Xu Ran’s collar.

However, he retracts it with realization, recalling that the young man in front of him was the number one in the Beast Master Overall Power Ranking.

“Did you deliberately retain your strength to surpass me in front of my face?” The term “sniping” is a special slang in Beast Master rankings, referring to deliberately holding back in the attempt to top the list until the Beast Master who’s going to be surpassed is present.

Although it’s permitted by the rules, it’s a great deal of embarrassment. Previously, Xu Ran had remained unflinchingly balanced, other than an initial jump, and once Du Hongchen arrived, the two pets of Xu Ran successively surpassed him, taking away his second spot. This caused him to speculate in this direction.

“Sniping?” Xu Ran, slightly taken aback, shook his head reluctantly. “Of course

not.”

“My pet just so happened to have a significant increase in strength, so we came to try the ranking.”

“This…” Du Hongchen’s face cleared up a bit.

Thinking about it carefully, he also felt the judgment he just made was ill- thought-out.

Generally, those who choose to “snipe” usually have previous resentment.

He hadn’t encountered the young man in front of him before, so there’s no question of any sort of resentment. Additionally, since Du Hongchen just finished his closure today, there is no way Xu Ran could have known about it in advance.

Was it a misunderstanding then?

But how the heck did this guy manage to improve his pet’s abilities so much in such a short time?!

“I apologize, it was a misunderstanding.” Du Hongchen shook his head.

“Starfire Foster Care Shop, right? I will bring my pets over.”

Leaving a response behind, Du Hongchen turned around and left.

He finally had a major boost in strength and decided to show off it, but he didn’t expect to lose face even more.

This heartache, he couldn’t bear to stay a minute longer.

He had to excuse himself!

Watching the other party leave, Xu Ran retracted his gaze and looked over at Starfire, “Try to aim for a better speed type skill from that Nine-shadow Demon Cat.”

A grateful look appeared in Starfire’s eyes.

Only now did it realize that the gamble Xu Ran had just mouthed off to the opponent was all for it.

I’m gonna cry, the Beast Master really cares about it!

“Xi Lu!” (Get on the Beast Master List!)

Stars sparkled with desire in Starfire’s eyes.

Although its strength improvement was not as great as Ziyun and Cancan s since it didn’t get a four-star skill or upgrade any skills to the Halo level, there was still some improvement.

Only by using all of its supportive effects in collaboration with the greatly improved Ziyun and Cancan to top the remaining two lists of the Beast Trainer Rankings, could it repay its Beast Master for being so kind to it!

“Meow-” (Charge, charge, charge!)

A hint of thrill appeared on Ziyun’s face.

It had suppressed the urge to use explosive skills to surpass Cancan and reclaim the number one spot, leaving two explosive skills unused.

No matter what happens, it has to reach number one in the Beast Master List this time!

Not only the individual combat power list but also the overall combat power list and the Pet Beast Team Power List!

All top positions, on this day!

As Ziyun and Cancan successively became the current leaders of the Combat Power List and rose significantly in the Historical Rankings, the attention of the cucumber-eating masses, which had faded due to the Three Little Ones, returned once again.

Seeing the direction Xu Ran and the Three Little Ones were heading, excitement arose in their eyes.

That location…it’ s the Leadership Level Beast Master List!

Xu Ran, who has already claimed the top spots in both the current and historical rankings of the Leadership Level Beast Master’s individual combat power, undoubtedly has the next goal in mind.

Judging from the sudden power upgrade of his pet beasts on the Combat Power List, it is possible that Xu Ran will indeed accomplish his goal.

If that’s the case…

Today will indeed be big news!

After all, the person he aims to surpass… is that man’s daughter!

For a time, countless cucumber-eating frontliners summoned friends, creating

quite a lively scene.

Seeing the increasingly large crowd following behind, Xu Ran smiled.

Would his fame increase a bit if he surpassed Fang Yuling and claimed the top three spots?

The bottleneck in increasing his fame was due to his achievements not being astonishing enough.

But it should be enough if he surpasses Fang Yuling, right?

Soon, under the hopeful and excited gazes of the crowd, Xu Ran with his three little ones entered the Col testing area.

Beast Masters Overall Power Ranking!

One minute… two minutes… three minutes…

As time gradually passed, the crowd waiting outside the C01 testing area grew larger, until a deep and vast bell rang out, echoing through the entire venue.

“Ring—– ”

Corresponding to the booming sound, there was a multitude of gasps and murmurs from the crowd.

“Did he surpass her?”

“Not necessarily. The historical ranking might have changed.”

“True. Xu Ran’s historical ranking was significantly lower than Fang Yuling s, it might change even if he doesn’t surpass her…

“No, he really did surpass her! The current ranking lit up!

As exclamations echoed, the beam of light soaring into the sky alongside the subtly flickering light attracted everyone’s attention.

Under the intense gaze of all present, Xu Ran’s ranking switched places with Fang Yuling

1

s in an instant.

“1st place, Starfire Fosterage, Overall Power: 431762.”

He really did surpass her!

With the background noises bubbling over, everyone turned their gaze towards the Historical Rankings.

The ranking of Starfire Fosterage, like a bolt out of the blue, jumped from over a hundred and emerged in the 4th place of the Historical Rankings.

As Xu Ran stepped out of the C01 testing area, the cucumber-eating masses looked at him with renewed awe in their eyes.

That was Fang Canghai’s daughter, hailed as the Beast Master prodigy who most likely would surpass Fang Canghai, standing heads and shoulders above her counterparts.

At this moment, this youth, several years younger than Fang Yuling, managed to surpass her in such an astonishing fashion.

But soon, the awe in people’s eyes changed to astonishment.

Because Xu Ran, who had just topped the Leadership Level Beast Master Overall Power Ranking, calmly glanced at the leaderboard once before turning towards another testing area nearby.

That was… the C02 testing area!

Could it be that Xu Ran intends to top these two heavyweight lists in one day?! Looking at Xu Ran, who disappeared through the doorway of the C02 testing area, the breathing of the cucumber-eating masses began to quicken.

“Are you ready?”

in the CO2 testing area, Xu Ran stood on the high platform, looking down at his three little ones, their eyes brimming with excitement.

The three little ones nodded in unison, their eyes filled with enthusiasm.

“Meow!” (Let’s do this!)

Ziyun growled, its body surging with an invisible and powerful Fighting Attribute force.

It had already used Crimson Gold Electroplating during the overall power test just now, and its Thunderforce was currently in a weak state due to backlash. But, it still had its Fighting Attribute force.

And its strongest skill at present, was a Fighting Attribute ability.

So…

Ziyun stared at the rapidly approaching Beast Tide through the smoke and dust with its beautifully colored pupils.

It’s time to show off its true strength!