Chapter 370 - 226: Return To Qingzhou City L

Chapter 370: Chapter 226: Return to Qingzhou City l

“In that case, I hope Boss Xu will consider us first when planning to open a new branch in the future.”

Upon being refused outright by Xu Ran, Xu Qing did not appear overly disappointed. She left her contact information, stated that she would be staying in Xieyun City for a while, and then walked out of the Foster Shop.

“Monster Wooden City, huh…” Watching Xu Qing leaving, Xu Ran tapped his index finger on the desk as if lost in thought.

He had been contemplating where to open a new branch after the end of his Main task 3, and after acquiring his three new employees. Now he seemed to have found a good option.

Keeping this unique Second -Level Town in mind, and welcoming the next customer who walked in, he once again displayed a polite smile.

“Welcome-”

“Thank you for coming, hope to see you next time!”

Having just seen off the last customer of the day, Xu Ran stretched and looked towards the three eager little ones gathered by his side. “Tell me, how did you three do in the ranking today?”

Upon hearing Xu Ran initiate the inquiry, the “Three Little Ones” immediately perked up. Each took their turn, bragging about their achievements in the day’s rankings.

The first was Ziyun, who utilized its full power in the Pet Beast Combat Power List, overtaking Cancan, who had barely warmed the top spot, returning to the top of the combat power list as expected.

Its historical ranking also rushed to third place all at once.

This resulted in an addition of forty thousand Beast Master Points.

Moreover, the “Three Little Ones” performed remarkably on the other lists that they hadn’t had time to rank in yesterday. Almost all the rankings had improved significantly, and the Beast Master Points each had accrued ranged from ten to twenty thousand.

After patiently listening to the detailed exploits of the three in the day’s ranking, Xu Ran gently patted each of them on the head. “You all did very well.” “So, now we can exchange these points for resources.” He waved the cellphone in his hand, “Yesterday’s Beast Master Points have been credited, and a portion of today’s points have also come in.”

“As for the remaining that haven’t been credited, we will take care of them next time.”

“Up until now, Ziyun has one hundred and ninety thousand Beast Master Points, Cancan has one hundred and seventy thousand, and Star has one hundred and sixty thousand.”

“These Beast Master Points will be exchanged for corresponding King-Level resources today.” He paused briefly, then looked at the three eager little faces. “You guys should have prepared quite a bit yesterday, right?”

“Meow!” (I’ve already decided what to exchange!)

Ziyun raised one of its paws, speaking excitedly.

Just with a rough estimate in its mind of its current Beast Master Points and the few valuable resources it had picked out the day before, it already had a concrete idea of what to exchange.

This was the benefit of doing homework in advance!

“Alright, then let’s start with Ziyun.” Xu Ran nodded, then opened the Beast Master Association’s Points Exchange page.

Star and Cancan who were about to open their mouths, exchanged looks and shook their heads in resignation.

As expected from Ziyun, who topped the Reflexes List, its response was much faster than theirs.

But the exchange of resources wasn’t a distribution of resources. The Beast Master Points they were using were each their own and the resources they were exchanging for had no conflicts, there was no need to compete.

So, they decided to first see what resource Big Sister had decided to exchange for.

“Meow- ” (I want Chenglei Crystal, Secret Method Broken Ring, Rapid Electric Leg Bone, Thunder Roar Liquid, and Meteor Split Beast Claw!)

Almost without hesitation, Ziyun named the resources it wished to have, and went over to Xu Ran’s side. It extended its long tail to point out on the screen where each item was located.

It was evident that it has done quite a bit of homework.

After reviewing the five resources that Ziyun wanted to exchange for, a hint of surprise appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Out of the five resources, except for Thunder Roar Liquid which was worth thirty thousand Beast Master Points, the rest were all worth forty thousand Beast Master Points, top resources at the king level.

The Chenglei Crystal imparts a skill called Thunderforce Refinement. The effect of this skill is simple; it amplifies the attack power of Thunder Attribute pet beasts by purifying them.

In this regard, it is similar to the effects of Crimson Gold Electroplating, only without the severe side effects.

As Ziyun has never fused Crimson Gold Electroplating and Scarlet Battle Intent, the reason for choosing this resource now is quite clear.

“Which talent skill are you planning to use for this fusion of three skills?” Xu Ran asked curiously.

At first, he thought Ziyun would fuse Scarlet Battle Intent into Fighting Body, but it seems Ziyun has a new idea.

Hearing Xu Ran’s question, Ziyun’s eyes brimmed with smugness.

“Meow-” (Heartfelt Strike!)

“This skill?” Xu Ran’s surprise deepened.

Heartfelt Strike is a two-star fighting attribute skill that Ziyun awakened after evolving. By consuming more power, it can deal more lethal blows to enemies.

In this regard, the skill is indeed very suitable for the other three skills.

But…

Xu Ran couldn’t imagine what the result would be when four burst-type skills, two of which had severe adverse effects, were fused together.

His gaze then moved onto the other four resources that Ziyun had chosen.

The corresponding Secret Method Broken Ring imparts a Fighting Attribute three-star skill called Broken Brand. This skill can leave a special brand on the opponent after an attack, thus causing continuous damage.

This bears some similarities to Star’s Echo of Midnight.

In the case of Ziyun having a large number of offensive Skills, this Skill could be well adapted to many others, making it a good choice.

The Rapid Electric Leg Bone corresponds to the Thunder Attribute Three Star Skill – Rapid Electric Shadow. From its name alone, it can be discerned that this is a speed Skill, which could be fused with Step on Electric Traces.

Thunder Roar Liquid and Meteor Split Beast Claw correspond respectively to the Three Star Skills Thunder Shake Earth and Meteor Split Claw. The former can pair with Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, while the latter matches with Destruction Thunder Claw.

Suddenly considering something, Xu Ran turned his head to look at Ziyun, “How do you intend to deal with the Skills: Puncture Thunder Spear and Thunder Penalty Gun?”

“Meow!” (FallingThunder!)

Ziyun wore an accomplished look on his face. He already had plans for the Skills that had been idling previously.

Both of these Skills are remote single-target attack Skills, extremely similar to Falling Thunder. In this case, fusing them together would be the best choice.

“What about Super Phase Field?”

“Meow!” (King’s Power!)

Ziyun answered smoothly.

This is an inspiration he had gained from Cancan.

As a Skill similar to a domain, Super Phase Field is not quite suitable for fusion with his other current Skills, but King’s Power is an exception.

King’s Power is a range suppression Skill that’s quite suitable for fusion with Super Phase Field.

Just as Cancan fused Dragon Blood Horn with King’s Power, Ziyun could add other abilities into King’s Power through fusion.

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded, then turned his gaze to Star after completing the exchange, “What do you want to exchange for?”

“Xi Lu- ” (Twilight Crystal, Everburning Night Flame, Fading Night Tracing Stone, Solidifying Silk Thread)

Finally, it was his turn. Star impatiently stated the resources he wanted to exchange for. @@novelbin@@

“Okay.” Xu Ran nodded, indicating that he understood, and then began to check.

The Twilight Crystal corresponds to the Three-Star Skill Dark Curtain. This Skill is a range hide Skill, capable of making a certain range around the caster hidden.

“Are you planning to combine this Skill with the Night Rune?” Xu Ran became thoughtful as he looked at the Skill’s description.

“Xi Lu! “(Yes!)

Star nodded slightly. Although the hiding effect of this Skill could only be centered on the caster, the Skill’s effect might change after being combined with the Night Rune.

If it could become a skill that hides the object possessing the Night Rune, then the compatibility of this Skill with the Night Rune would be perfect.

“Worth trying.” After hearing Star’s idea, Xu Ran nodded in agreement before turning to look at the remaining Skills.

The Everburning Night Flame corresponds to a Dark Attribute burst Skill called Night Flame.

This Skill can burn the caster’s own Dark Power for a short-term increase in strength, and there are virtually no side effects.

The one that it could pair with is probably the Heart of Eternal Night.

After all, Star had previously planned to fuse Star Falling Power and Quiet Night Breath with Heart of Eternal Night. If Night Flame is added, that would make four Three Star Skills.

The Fading Night Tracing Stone corresponds to the Three Star Skill Night Curtain Fading Trace. It’s a speed Skill. Undoubtedly, Star intends to combine this Skill with Moon Concealment Star Racing.

The Solidifying Silk Thread corresponds to the Skill called Solidified Tether. Its function is somewhat similar to Fated Chains – it allows power to be transferred from one party to another.

But compared to Fated Chains, Solidified Tether is much slower in transferring power. However, it has a special effect that the link between the two parties is very stable and will not weaken as the distance increases.

Obviously, this is a Skill meant to be combined with Fated Star Pulling – it enhances the stability of the Skill tether, which is crucial under certain conditions.

“These four resources are also quite good. Exchanged!” Xu Ran nodded approvingly and then turned his gaze towards Cancan.

Unlike her last hesitant time, this time Cancan also had a clear target.

“Charming!” (I want to exchange for Refining Bone Dragon Marrow, Hard Soil Core, Unbreakable Stone, and Fortified Ground!)

Listing out the resources she wanted, Cancan’s face was full of anticipation.

Refining Bone Dragon Marrow corresponds to the Skill Dragon’s Breath. She plans to fuse this Skill and True Dragon Reverse Scale into Dragon Turtle’s Power.

The other three resources correspond to the Earth Attribute Three Star Skills Unshakeable Fortitude, Unbreakable Force, and Soil Strengthening respectively.

All three Skills make Earth Attribute Power even more solid.

As for their use…

Of course, it is to boost Eternal Iron Wall and make herself more resistant to beating!

Thinking about the power of a full-force slap from Ziyun, Cancan couldn’t help but shrink her head back.

Before she could merge any defensive Four Star Skills, she had to behave herself.

“Alright.” Noticing Cancan’s thoughts, Xu Ran chuckled, finishing the exchange of all resources. Then, anticipation flickered in his eyes.

“When the resources arrive tomorrow morning, we’U head back to Qingzhou City!”