Chapter 379 - 232: Your Evolutionary Path Doesn’T

Chapter 379: Chapter 232: Your Evolutionary Path Doesn’t

Quite Workl

Xu Ran was looking at the Velvet Sparrow with a surprised expression on his face.

Something’s not right.

Very not right.

The resources the Velvet Sparrow had just mentioned, individually they didn’t seem much, but announcing them all at once gave Xu Ran a strong feeling of familiarity.

Though not the King Stage Blood Essence, but the General Stage Blood Essence was rather similar, along with the Transcendence Flower, Superpower Attribute Illusion Crystals and the Efficacy Healing Water that also had healing effects…

The resources listed by the Velvet Sparrow, seemed to be the materials for some kind of Evolution Path?

Xu Ran couldn’t help but take another look at the Velvet Sparrow.

Even though the Velvet Sparrow had mentioned some secrets of evolution before, it only elaborated upon what Xu Ran already knew.

So, Xu Ran was somewhat surprised, but didn’t pay much attention to it afterwards. He accepted the Velvet Sparrow’s explanation, assuming that it must have accidentally heard about it when it was outside the city.

But, a few sporadic evolution secrets and a complete set of evolution materials were not the same concept.

Initially, Xu Ran planned to wait for the Velvet Sparrow to exchange some resources, then show it the King Species Evolution Path suitable for him, consequently enticing it to form a contract with him.

But, it seems that things are not going as expected.

“Are you planning to evolve by exchanging these resources?” Xu Ran asked quietly.

“Chirp-” (Yes!)

The Velvet Sparrow nodded its head.

It had previously mentioned the help Transcendence Flower can provide in its evolution. Xu Ran was equally aware of this fact. Its proposal of Transcendence Flower was within Xu Ran’s speculation of it planning for evolution.

However, he would definitely not be aware of the significance of other resources.

These are the best evolutionary resources matched after countless trials by many inhabitants of the Velvet Sparrow tribe.

“Can you tell me the Race Name after your evolution?”

“Chirp!” (Demon Hawk!)

The Velvet Sparrow immediately answered, then blinked its eyes.

Oops, it seemed to have spilled the beans.

Based on the identity, it had fabricated previously, it was supposedly impossible for it to know the exact race post-evolution. It could explain away the evolution resources as it accidentally finding them during trials, but this …

Feeling regretful in its heart, the Velvet Sparrow couldn’t restrain from sneaking a glance at Xu Ran.

Upon seeing Xu Ran apparently unaware of the slip-up, his facial expression remaining the same, the Velvet Sparrow secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

Luckily, it was good.

However, what the Velvet Sparrow didn’t know was that at this moment, Xu Ran had already used the King Species Evolution Path on it.

In the space between it and Xu Ran, numerous words that only Xu Ran could see floated in the void.

[Evolution Path: Velvet Sparrow (Superpower) — Illusion Parrot (Superpower)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: ***☆*]

[Evolution Path: Velvet Sparrow (Superpower) -» Courageous Glede

(Superpower)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: ★****]

[Evolution Path:…]

Xu Ran’s eyes searched within the succession of Evolution Paths, eventually locking onto one of them.

[Evolution Path: Velvet Sparrow (Superpower) -> Demon Hawk (Superpower)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: **★**]

This is the Evolution Path prepared by the Velvet Sparrow for itself, huh…

Xu Ran took another look at the Velvet Sparrow.

This creature was indeed interesting. Although it was clearly just a Pet Beast abandoned from the city, it knew clearly about its own evolution path.

At this moment, Xu Ran had a sudden impulse to find out what the Velvet Sparrow was really up to.

But changing his mind, he gave up the idea.

Everyone had their own secrets, the same notion applied to Pet Beasts.

The anomalies he displayed during his store’s operations, no one was digging to find out, right?

Forget it.

“Your Evolution Path, it’s not too good.”

Velvet Sparrow:”?”

A blank expression appeared in its eyes.

What is this human talking about? @@novelbin@@

Its Evolution Path isn’t good?

This was the Evolution Path that the Velvet Sparrow tribe had found to have the highest success rate after hundreds of years and hundreds of tribe members risking their lives.

Based on this path, the Velvet Sparrow tribe gave birth to a Beast King, formulating the tribe into a Superiority Group that other Transcendent Beings would take a detour to avoid in the 97th Beast Field.

How could such an Evolution Path not work?

However, the Velvet Sparrow was unable to voice out these thoughts.

After all, this would mean revealing its true identity.

“Chirp?” (Why not?)

“Because the potential is too low.” Xu Ran laughed, “Potential, refers to the possibility of evolving once more after the initial evolution.”

“You can understand it as, after evolving into a King Species, there’s another chance to evolve, to become an Emperor Species.”

“If we rate the potential for different evolutionary types of Pet Beasts from low to high from one to five stars, then your Evolution Path, has only three stars in terms of potential.”

Of the highest five stars, the evolution potential of the Demon Hawk was merely three stars…

With Xu Ran’s words echoing in its mind, the Velvet Sparrow’s ocean blue eyes were momentarily lost.

At this moment, it suddenly thought of its “dad”, who had already reached the limit of the King Stage, and the countless times he had sighed in private.

When it was young, it didn’t understand, but now it does – its dad wanted to take that step, to transform yet again.

But, that step seemed extremely difficult for its dad.

Were all these difficulties due to the low evolution potential of the Demon Hawk?

Instinctively, it believed Xu Ran’s words.

After all, its dad was the strongest and most talented member of its tribe.

If even he couldn’t evolve into the Emperor Species, then perhaps it really was a defect of the Evolution Path itself.

So…

The Velvet Sparrow gazed at Xu Ran, a glint of light reemerging in its sea-blue eyes.

“Chirp?” (You have a better evolution path, don’t you?)

“Indeed, I do, but…”

“Chirp!” (I want to make a contract with you!)

The Velvet Sparrow suddenly spoke, cutting off what Xu Ran was about to say.

Upon uttering those words, the velvet sparrow felt a mysterious relief in its heart.

It understood that its decision to make a contract with Xu Ran wasn’t purely based on the evolution path he hadn’t told it yet, nor the fact that it couldn’t verify the authenticity of this path.

Such a thought had been budding in its heart throughout their past interactions.

However, due to its personality and other reasons, it had never voiced this out.

Now, taking this opportunity, the Velvet Sparrow expressed its thoughts.

This mustbe what my “dad” was thinking about too…

The Velvet Sparrow softly murmured to itself.

If not for this, why would its “dad”, who always took care of it, so readily abandon it in a human city without a word?

“Once we make a deal, there’s no turning back,” Xu Ran said, a hint of a smile on his face upon hearing the Velvet Sparrow’s words.

The fourth pet beast, confirmed!

Although this little fellow in front of him had a few secrets.

But no matter how big its secrets were, they were nothing compared to The System.

So there’s no need to worry.

“No need to exchange those resources from earlier, I’ll find a new evolution route for you.” After a slight pause, Xu Ran added, “By the way, this should have been part of the resource distribution which you can only participate in after making a contract.”

“I’m fulfilling it now in advance, but after making a contract, this will be deducted from your distribution.”

“Chirp?” (This is part of the distribution too?)

The Velvet Sparrow blinked and looked at the three little ones whose gazes were full of goodwill, it was stunned.

Although it had known about the resource distribution by the three little ones before, but…

What strange things have you guys distributed?!

“Chirp?” (When can we make a contract?)

The Velvet Sparrow suddenly became a little eager.

Don’t hold an impart session behind my back, I want to participate too!

“Soon, in about ten days, I will break through the fourth stage of contract power and have the fourth contract slot.” Xu Ran responded while looking at the Velvet Sparrow’s evolution route, eventually stopping on one of them.

[Evolution Path: Velvet Sparrow (Super ability Attribute) -> Sleeping Bird (Super ability Attribute)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: ★****]

This is the one!

Once confirmed that this is the only evolution route of the Velvet Sparrow with a five-star potential, Xu Ran chose it without hesitation.

Suddenly, with the dissipation of other evolution routes, the details of the current evolution route unfolded rapidly in front of Xu Ran’s eyes.

[Evolution Path: Velvet Sparrow (Super ability Attribute) — Sleeping Bird (Super ability Attribute)

Evolution Difficulty: *****

Evolution Potential: *****

Evolution Conditions:

1. Velvet Sparrow has not broken through to the Leadership Stage

2. All talent skills of the Velvet Sparrow must be upgraded to three-star skills before evolution

3. All three-star skills reach waning moon level proficiency

Evolution Materials: Dreamer’s Shadow (main), King-class Superpower Blood Essence (main), Dream Weaving Silkworm Silk (main), Fantasy Crystals, Life Dewdrop, Transcendence Flower

(Missing main material will lead to guaranteed failure, missing supporting materials decreases success rate)

Evolution Ritual: Complete the transformation evolution under the condition of having ten thousand living beings dreaming at the same time. The power of the dream must be swallowed.]

This evolution route…

Xu Ran rubbed his chin.

In terms of evolution conditions, the Velvet Sparrow has already met the first and third points, it just needs to upgrade all talent skills to three-star skills.

With the current abundance of resources, making a contract and participating in a resource distribution can easily help it meet this condition.

As for the evolution materials, they aren’t a problem either.

Although many aren’t available in Qingzhou City.

But they’re definitely available in Xieyun City.

This time, the most difficult part would be the evolution ritual.

To have tens of thousands of living beings dreaming at the same time…

That’s not quite easy to achieve.

As Xu Ran was deep in thought, he met the Velvet Sparrow’s expectant gaze.

“Chirp?” (What’s the evolution route?)

The Velvet Sparrow couldn’t help but ask.

“Your most potential evolution path is called Sleeping Bird,” Xu Ran paused slightly, “It has a five-star evolution potential, but the difficulty of evolution is correspondingly high…”

Following this, Xu Ran told the Velvet Sparrow the rough situation of this evolution route.

Hearing Xu Ran say that the Sleeping Bird has a five-star potential, the Velvet Sparrow was initially excited, but after hearing the entire evolution path, the excitement on its face turned to shock.

This…

How can this be achieved?

Just the skill upgrade to three stars seems absolutely impossible to it.

Talent skills are supposed to upgrade after evolution, so how does one upgrade them before evolution?

Also, the required evolution materials…other materials, it had seen with its

“dad”, but the Dreamer’s Shadow…

This resource is extremely rare, even its “dad” doesn’t have it!

Where can it find such a resource?

Ziyun’s eyes flashed with a hint of laughter as it looked at Star and Cancan.

Now is the time for them to step up!