Chapter 374 - 229 Boss Cat, It’S Time For You To Take A Bathl L

Chapter 374: Chapter 229 Boss Cat, It’s Time for You to Take a Bathl l

“Alright, the Stone Armored Dragon has completed its Washing and Protection.”

Not leaving Zhang Yun waiting too long, soon, Xu Ran walked out with the Stone Armored Dragon, who wore a bewildered look on its face.

Even though it had completed the Washing and Protection process, the Stone Armored Dragon still couldn’t snap out of the lingering sensations it had experienced.

The feeling of the high-speed rotating grindstone coming into contact with its tough yet sensitive body due to the washing was…unlike anything it had felt before.

The Stone Armored Dragon licked its lips, unable to resist the urge to try the experience again.

“Thankyou, Boss Xu!” Seeing its own Stone Armored Dragon restored to peak condition, Zhang Yun nodded in satisfaction. “Hl write a letter for you tomorrow. Could you please deliver it for me when you go to Xieyun City?”

“Not a problem, take care-”

Xu Ran waved goodbye to Zhang Yun. Once Zhang Yun and his pet had left, Xu Ran turned to the Velvet Sparrow, who had appeared next to the counter. “What are you doing?”

The Velvet Sparrow tilted its head to look at Xu Ran and then straightened up.

“Chirp-” (Going out for a stroll-)

“Ah, I see…” Xu Ran suddenly realized the Velvet Sparrow would leave fora stroll every day.

He was surprised the bird kept this routine, as he had been away from the Qingzhou City shop for half a month.

“Off you go.” Xu Ran waved at the Velvet Sparrow as it waddled out of the shop door, then welcomed the next customer into the shop, “Welcome.”

After a moment of surprise, the customer exploded in excited cheers.

“It’s Boss Xu!”

The Velvet Sparrow, who had not yet gone far, turned its head back at the sound. It looked puzzled.

“Is this guy really that popular?”

“Forget it, I won’t bother with him!”

Thinking about how Xu Ran hadn’t returned for half a month, the Velvet Sparrow violently shook its head and waddled away.

Soon, it crossed familiar streets and alleys, slipped through the high iron fence of a residential community with its tiny body, and arrived at the door of a house.

Once it reached the door, the Velvet Sparrow gently tapped at the door with its hardened beak, making a dull knock-knock echo on the slightly old wooden door.

“Eh-you’re here!”

A voice came from inside. The Velvet Sparrow stopped knocking on the wooden door and waited quietly.

“Creak-”

After a while, the door slowly opened. An old woman with a gentle face walked out from the house, leaning heavily on a walking stick.

Her eyes had lost their sparkle, the pupils completely dilated, lacking the expression of normal eyes.

This was a blind old lady. @@novelbin@@

“Little one, where are you?” There was a note of expectation in the old lady’s voice, as she reached out and explored the space in front of her.

Seeing the hand reaching above its head, the Velvet Sparrow paused for a moment, then sprung up to touch the palm of the lady’s hand with its head.

“Ah, there you are!” The woman seemed delighted and softly said, “I’m counting on you today- ”

“Chirp-” (Leave it to me!)

The Velvet Sparrow responded, and then a faint bluish glow flickered in its deep blue eyes.

An invisible Super ability Attribute power spread all around. The next instant, the world came alive in the elderly woman’s barren vision.

Two stars Skills, Waning Moon Level – Illusory Scenery.

This skill, which confuses and misleads opponents by creating illusions, now takes on a whole new use in its hands.

With the help of Super ability Attribute power, it can enable a blind person to “see” the world again.

“So this is what you look like…” The elderly woman, who had temporarily regained her sight, gently crouched down and patted the Velvet Sparrow’s head. “What a cute little thing.”

She looked around and then cautiously placed her walking stick at the door. After gently closing the door, she said, “Let’s take a walk around.”

“Chirp-” (Noproblem!)

The Velvet Sparrow nodded and began leading the way for the elderly lady.

It was Boss Cat who had found this job for the bird while they were wandering together.

In this transcendent world, there are also ordinary people, some of whom are disabled.

Not all disabilities can be completely healed by healing-type Pet Beasts. Those that can’t be cured could make everyday life quite troublesome.

Therefore, the Beast Master Association has a relevant department to help these disabled individuals.

Aside from providing financial support, they would also rely on the powers of Transcendent Beings.

Through the use of transcendent power, some ordinary impossible things can be made possible.

For example, Super ability Attribute Pet Beasts that can create illusions can lend their abilities to blind people, allowing them to temporarily perceive their surroundings through Super ability Attribute power.

This happened to be something the Velvet Sparrow could do.

This kind of help, making use of transcendent power, is not personally assigned by the Beast Master Association. Instead, it’s done through the posting of tasks by those in need, and Beast Masters can accept tasks based on their own abilities.

Simple tasks can earn money, while more difficult ones might even yield Beast Master Points as a reward.

Originally, such work wouldn’t be possible for independent Transcendent Beings, because they would have some difficulty communicating with humans.

But the Velvet Sparrow didn’t have this issue.