Chapter 375 - 229 Boss Cat, It’S Time For You To Take A Bath!_2

Chapter 375: Chapter 229 Boss Cat, It’s Time for You to Take a Bath!_2

With the help of the One Star skill, Mind Induction, it was successfully recognized by the Beast Master Association and obtained the qualification to take on assignments.

The task it is undertaking now was accepted yesterday.

It needed to accompany an elderly lady named Tang Yueru for an hour stroll nearby, with a reward of a thousand dollars.

One hour quickly passed, and the Velvet Sparrow, with the old lady, walked a complete round around the residential area and nearby streets.

It was evident that the old lady was overjoyed. After all, the people she had known by voice, she could finally see their faces now.

In the end, the Velvet Sparrow escorted the old lady home.

Entering her home, the old lady stopped in front of a dusty mirror next to the gate, gently wiped off the dust, and looked at herself in the mirror, lost in contemplation. @@novelbin@@

Even though some time had passed, the Velvet Sparrow didn’t interrupt. It curiously observed the old lady, wondering what she was thinking.

“So I’ve grown this old…” the old lady murmured to her reflection, her face wearing a brilliant smile, “I didn’t realize it, feeling my face every day with my hands. It’s only when looking in the mirror that I realize how fast time has passed.”

“Chirp?” (Aren’t you upset?)

Hearing the old lady’s sigh, the Velvet Sparrow couldn’t help but curiously ask. In its eyes, whether it be humans or Transcendent Beings, all feared death.

So everyone resisted the concept of aging.

But this old lady seemed not to feel this way.

“I am.” The old lady nodded slightly and spoke calmly, “But mostly, I’m happy.” “When I was eight, I lost my sight due to an accident. Even healing Type Pet Beasts couldn’t treat me.”

“No man wanted a wife who couldn’t fend for herself. As my parents and relatives passed away one after another, I ended up living alone.”

“Although living alone is boring, there are interesting things as well.” The old lady touched her face with one hand and touched herself in the mirror with the other, “For example, with your help, I can see what I look like.”

“Chirp-” (It’s just my job.)

The Velvet Sparrow shook its head slightly.

“But it’s very important to me.” The old lady spoke softly, “Seeing the world once more was my only wish, and now, I have no regrets.”

“To live a life without regrets is the most important thing.” The old lady smiled, “Sorry, I talked too much.”

She turned around, took ten bills from her purse by the entrance, and handed them to the Velvet Sparrow, “I’m not rich, so no one was interested in my assignment. I’m glad you were here; I hope you do not mind.”

When she said this, there was a hint of apologizing on the old lady’s face.

Super ability Attribute Pet Beasts are relatively rare. There’s even fewer that can restore sight to the blind and are willing to undertake such tasks.

Therefore, the fees for similar tasks were often up to five figures, or even Beast Master Points rewards.

“Chirp-” (This is enough!)

The Velvet Sparrow carefully took the bills with its chubby little wings and skillfully stuffed them into its pocket.

It doesn’t really need money anywhere else, occasionally takes a job for money, but it’s only to have currency for food at the street snack stalls or to try the gaming venues in the human city.

So, it didn’t care too much about the amount of money.

This is its hard-earned thousand dollars! It could buy quite a lot of tasty food!

At this moment, the Velvet Sparrow thought of a dessert called Crispy Sweet Dumplings.

It was a snack the Velvet Sparrow greatly enjoyed recently. The crispy outer layer concealed a soft and sweet inside. Its dark red melting center was especially sweet upon tasting, supposedly due to something called Brown Sugar.

Anyway, eat it!

“Ah, right!” As if remembering something, the old lady turned around and walked into the house, “Wait for me.”

Quickly, the returning old lady held a small box of pastries.

“This is one of my little hobbies.” The old lady smiled, “Because of my eyes, it may look a bit rough, but the taste is pretty good, you should try some.”

“Chirp!” (Okay!)

Looking at the not-so-fine looking but exceptionally fragrant pastries in the small box in front of it, the Velvet Sparrow nodded fervently.

Crispy Sweet Dumplings, see you tomorrow!

It picked up the small box and gently placed it on its head, stuck between the two feathers on top of its head. The Velvet Sparrow swayed as it walked out of the old lady’s house, waving at her.

“Chirp!” (Goodbye!)

As the door closed, the world of color once again plunged into a void.

The old lady reached out and felt around on the porch for a moment, picked up her wooden stick and started walking inside step by step, a smile on her face, her gentle voice echoing in the room.

“How wonderful-”

The velvet sparrow carrying the little box arrived at the high iron fence. Looking at the thin cracks in the fence, comparing the size of the box, it helplessly shook its head.

With the box, it’s a bit tricky to get out…

Aha!

Soon after noticing the residence’s main entrance not far away, the velvet sparrow gently swayed and went along with one of the residents moving towards the main entrance.

The resident, oblivious to the velvet sparrow’s presence, swiped a card to get past the access control, and the velvet sparrow also successfully followed through.

“Twee-” (Perfect!)

Velvet sparrow let out a cheer, then sneaked into a corner, carefully put down the little box it was carrying on its head, opened the box and was just about to taste one piece. Suddenly it thought of something, closed the box again, placed it back on its head, and started moving in another direction.

In no time, the towering gate of Qingzhou City appeared before the velvet sparrow. Inside the city gate, a large area of the square is packed with people coming and going.

There are hunting squads waiting for the city gate to open for hunting, squads returning from outside the city gate with various collected resources to sync with Beast Master Association’s recycling point set up here, in exchange for Beast Master Points.

There are also many hunting squads resting here, full of life.

Struggling through the crowd, the velvet sparrow finally reached its destination.

There was a huge piece of fur from a Transcendent Being, and on it laid a muscular, two-meter-tall cat-like creature – a human-shaped pet beast.

At the edge of the fur, there were some miscellaneous items.

After joining the Tiger Hunting Squad, the Boss Cat refused the shelter from other squad members and moved all its belongings here, usually strolling nearby. When the Tiger Hunting Squad set out, it would also join.

Due to Boss Cat’s strong abilities and friendly disposition, the local managers tacitly allowed Boss Cat’s long-term stay.

“Twee -” (Big Cat, I brought you some food!)

Velvet sparrow picked up speed, swaying from side to side as it dashed forward. Then it tripped and its round body, along with the tiny box it was carrying, flew towards the Boss Cat direction.

“Meow?”

Boss Cat opened its eyes, sat up quickly when it saw velvet sparrow, caught the little box with one paw, and gently put the velvet sparrow on the ground with the other paw.

“Twee!” (Try it!)

After the velvet sparrow steadied itself, it excitedly pointed at the box.

“Meow?”

What’s this?

Out of curiosity, Boss Cat opened the box and took a sniff, a look of interest appeared on its face.

Looking at the intact little box and the four pastries placidly lying inside, Boss Cat glanced at Velvet Sparrow, thought for a moment, picked up one piece, and returned the rest to velvet sparrow.

“Twee-” (We’ll split it equally!)

“Meow-”

I’ve already eaten, I’m not hungry now.

Boss Cat smiled, rejecting velvet sparrow’s offer.

“Twee!” (Alright then!)

Only then did velvet sparrow nod its head, savoring the pastry.

After consuming a piece, surprise took over its facial features.

The pastry made by the old lady was so delicious!

The four pieces of pastry were quickly gobbled up. Seeing the look of desire to share on the velvet sparrow’s face, Boss Cat asked it solicitously.

“Meow?”

Did anything interesting happen?

“Twee…” (Let me tell you about today…)

Excited, velvet sparrow told its story about helping the old lady regain her vision. Then, seemingly thinking of something else, it patted the Boss Cat on the arm.

“Twee!” (Xu Ran is back, it’s time for your bath!)