Chapter 371 - 227: You Scoundrel, You Finally Came Back!_L

Chapter 371: Chapter 227: You scoundrel, you finally came back!_l

“Boss-”

Wearing a saucy pink apron with lace borders and a heart-shaped opening at the chest, there was an excited and overjoyed expression in Teacher Tony’s eyes, as if he wanted to give Xu Ran a big hug.

“Alright, Teacher Tony, you can spare us the reception ceremony.” Xu Ran expressionlessly pushed away his open arms, then subconsciously wiped his hands on his pants.

“The opening time of the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Xieyun City is fast approaching. From today, the management for the upcoming period will be handed over to you guys.”

“No problem, my dear boss-” Unperturbed by Xu Ran’s resistance, Teacher Tony, riding the momentum from being pushed, spun on the spot, then quickly made a heart shape with his thumb and index finger. “I will abide by all your requests-”

A twitch played at the corner of Xu Ran’s mouth as he watched Tony and the man in black behind him, as well as the green-skinned frog, disappear on the spot. He then heaved a quiet sigh of relief.

He suddenly felt that the two system clerks that didn’t speak were pretty good, despite their odd appearances.

Regaining his senses, Xu Ran couldn’t help but take a look around.

Even though there wasn’t much difference in the decorations within the Starfire Foster Care Shops in Xieyun City and Qingzhou City, his familiarity with his own shop in Qingzhou City allowed him to clearly feel that they were different.

Returning here, there was an unprecedented feeling of being home.

“Well…” Xu Ran shook his head and let out a soft chuckle, then gently placed the alloy box he had been carrying all along on the counter.

This was what the powerhouse from the Beast Master Association in Xieyun City had delivered early in the morning. It contained the King-level resources that the three little ones had exchanged for the previous day.

During their time in Qingzhou City, these resources would be the capital for the three little ones to improve.

So now… it was time to bring the three little ones over too.

In a flash of thought, the Hexagram Star Array behind Xu Ran started to shine.

The figures of the three little ones traversed thousands of miles, appearing instantaneously in the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City.

As soon as they appeared, Ziyun started looking around the shop left and right, then with one light hop, jumped onto a corner of the counter. @@novelbin@@

This corner had been its usual haunt. From the first day it encountered Xu Ran, it had stayed there. It had become a habit.

In Xieyun City, Ziyun had often stayed in a similar place in the shop, but the two weren’t quite the same.

Yawning lazily, Ziyun comfortably tucked its paws into its chest, squinting its eyes slightly, a contented expression on its face.

“Meow-” (This place is more comfortable.)

“Xi Lu~” (We are finally back!)

Star burst into a neigh, with anticipation shining in its eyes.

It remembered that it had left something in the Foster Care Shop here.

It was the stone it used to account for Ziyun and Star earlier. Before having this stone, it had the highest wealth among them.

After reaching Xieyun City, Star had been the poorest of them in both resource distributions. This must have something to do with it leaving the stone behind!

This time, it wouldn’t forget to carry the stone with it!

Thinking of this, Star was already eager to try and see if the stone was still there.

“Charming!” (Going to see the Velvet Sparrow!)

Cancan shook its head excitedly, a look of anticipation on its face.

As the youngest of the three little ones, it unexpectedly got along well with the Velvet Sparrow.

Every time the Velvet Sparrow mentioned things happening outside of the city, Cancan was extremely interested. Cancan’s many discoveries while scavenging rubbish outside the city was also connected to the Velvet Sparrow’s guidance.

Finally able to meet its good friend again, Cancan couldn’t wait to share its experiences in the Second Level Town with the Velvet Sparrow!

“Let’s go; we should first go feed the tenants in the store.” After stretching his back, Xu Ran led the three little ones through the familiar route towards the back door.

As the three system clerks left to take over his work in Xieyun City, the tenant limit in the Qingzhou City Starfire Foster Care Shop was once again reduced.

But for the sake of customer experience, the extra part of the foster clients couldn’t just be sent back directly. Fortunately, Teacher Tony solved this problem through reasonable arrangement and a tiny bit of black technology from the system.

The part of foster tenants that exceeded the limit were still within the foster area but were being fed by the green-skinned frog clerk who shuttled between the two places.

Xu Ran had already handed over to the green-skinned frog clerk. The familiar tenants he had previously fed were all entrusted to him, and the remaining spots were filled with tenants who had moved in after he left.

All the tenants exceeding the limit were those who moved in after Xu Ran left, and the green- skinned frog clerk was responsible for feeding them.

As for the Washing and Protection and accompanying training, the impact of the clerk’s departure on these was relatively small. Xu Ran and the system clerk maintained the shop, and the impact was minimal.

In a jiffy, a man and three pets effortlessly reached the underground level.

Soon enough, the clanking sound of the spatula hitting the iron pot echoed throughout the foster space. Upon hearing this sound, the Pet Beasts, which were set to be fed by Xu Ran, all looked up towards the sound.

Having grown accustomed to the slightly mechanical style of feeding by the green-skinned frog clerk, they sensed an anomaly at once.

The pace and pitch of the clanking…

Was different!

As the new tenants were still puzzled, the old tenants who had been fed by Xu Ran before all showed expectant looks.

Was… That human back?!