Chapter 373 - 228 Boss Xu... Who The Hell Are You?

Chapter 373: Chapter 228 Boss Xu… Who the hell are you?

“Boss Xu, how long will you be staying here?”

As they walked inside the shop together, Su Xiaoxiao couldn’t help but ask.

She understood that since Xu Ran had already opened a shop in Xieyun City, it would be hard for him to stay in a small place like Qingzhou City for long.

He’d probably leave again after a while this time he’s back.

“I plan to stay for about nine days,” Xu Ran paused, “assuming there are no unexpected occurrences.”

“Alright,” said Su Xiaoxiao, her face dimming slightly.

Even though she had speculated, receiving a definite response from Xu Ran still left her somewhat reluctant to let go.

Considering this, the next grooming of the Flame Fox would also be personally handled by Boss Xu!

Thinking this, Su Xiaoxiao felt a bit comforted in her heart.

She had to share this great news with her good sisters as soon as possible, making sure they get all the services they need before Xu Ran leaves!

“Do you need to accompany the grooming?” Xu Ran asked, taking the Flame Fox from Su Xiaoxiao, just like before.

“No, no…” Su Xiaoxiao took out her cellphone, and started furiously tapping out messages. “Little Flame can take care of himself.”

“Alright,” Xu Ran nodded, bringing the Flame Fox into the grooming room.

Before long, from the grooming room echoed a melodious, faint, and vague sound.

“Mew—”

Having notified all her sisters, Su Xiaoxiao paused, a look of reminiscence on her face, “Ah~”

He’s back!

They’re all back!

The familiar feeling of Boss Xu’s grooming has finally returned!

When Tony was grooming the Flame Fox before, although it also made similar sounds, this time was different, as if there was a bit more resistance and resignation.

Not to mention, mixed in the sound was the equally loud voice of Tony.

It was unbearable for the ears!

Relaxing in the Beast Master resting room, Su Xiaoxiao opened a bag of chips, eating them to the sound of the Flame Fox’s melody, a satisfied smile appearing on her face.

That feeling was fantastic!

It wasn’t long before Xu Ran, holding the newly refreshed Flame Fox, exited and said, “Thankyou for your patronage.”

“Boss Xu, I’ve already told Gu Ling and the others that you’re back.” Su Xiaoxiao happily took the Flame Fox, rubbing her cheek abundantly against the silky smooth fur, then began to speak.

“That’s very kind of you. Thanks.” Xu Ran responded with a smile.

Bumping into these familiar customers in Qingzhou City was really a pleasant surprise.

“Next up…”

“…Let’s push harder together!”

Inside the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Xieyun City, Teacher Tony, still wearing that pink apron, flexed his muscular biceps and shouted, “Our new shop needs our care and protection!”

“We need to greet our brand new customers with our best spirit!” Tony turned his gaze toward the silent figure in the corner, a constant sinister smile on his face. “Little Black, have you gathered intel?”

The cloaked figure in black nodded slightly, one eye slightly squinted, and the other widened with excitement. Combined with the grin creeping up one side of his face, he gave off the air of a criminal suspect.

He produced a shiny dagger out of nowhere and began to wave it around, causing the illusion that blood would spatter on his face any second.

“Very well.” Somehow discerning some sort of message from the black-clad figure’s actions, Tony nodded approvingly, “The boss has reached the top of the Leaderboard of the Beast Master Association. The customer flow will increase in the short term.”

“And what we need to do is…” Tony extended a hand, rotating it in the air before curling into a fist, “to seize the opportunity.”

“Green-skinned Frog, how are things on your end?” Tony turned his gaze to the Green-skinned Frog who was also silent.

After about three seconds, the Green-skinned Frog slowly turned towards Tony and slowly raised the stick on which hung many frog dolls.

At this moment, only a single frog doll remained on the stick.

In front of Tony, the Green-skinned Frog took off the last frog doll, and then threw it into its mouth.

Frogs also get hungry…

“Very good, it seems you have already fed all the pets being fostered once.” Tony nodded in satisfaction, “What was their reaction? Remember, we want to give the pet beasts staying here a warm home-like feeling!”

A home-like warmth…

The Green-skinned Frog tilted its head to the side after three seconds, a look of contemplation flashing through its intelligent eyes.

Giving its own offspring to the pets being fostered was like giving them the warmth of a home!

Although a few pets had shown resistance, they had been turned around through its influence!

The Green-skinned Frog gently touched the stick in its hand, nodding vigorously.

Super warm!

“Very good-” Teacher Tony laughed heartily, “Then let’s, start doing business!”

He strode to the shop door, placed both hands on it, briefly paused, turned his head to look at the man in black and the Green-skinned Frog behind him.

“As soon as the boss completes Main Task 3, we will have three new colleagues and a new shop to boot.”

“The boss is not necessarily required to choose the system store manager from the newcomers, as you guys, who have been working for the boss for half a month, stand a greater chance.”

Hearing this, the eyes of the man in black and Green-skinned Frog were faintly twinkling.

“So…” Teacher Tony laughed heartily, forcefully pushed open the shop door, “Work hard, my colleagues!”

The business hours have arrived.

Starfire Foster Care Shop in Xieyun City, open for business!

Nearly at the same moment that Teacher Tony pushed open the shop door, the first customer who had been waiting outside quickly stepped into the shop.

“Boss Xu…” The customer who had entered the shop abruptly halted their footsteps, looking at Tony, who was approaching quickly as if wanting to give him a hug filled with love, with a horrified expression on their face.

“Who the hell are you?!”

“Welcome To- Our- Shop!” Tony stopped walking, made a heart sign towards the customer, “We three are the employees hired by the boss, the boss is temporarily away and we’re in charge of the shop.”

“You…” The customer’s face was hesitant; they couldn’t help but take a few steps back, exit the shop and look up at the unchanged shop sign, suspicion tingeing their face, “Really?”

“Of course, my sweetheart- ” Tony’s smile was refreshing, “Please believe in the boss’s professionalism in selecting employees. We are totally capable of the tasks in the shop.”

“Well… Boss Xu’s business is doing so well, it makes sense to hire a few staff to help out.” The customer reluctantly came around to it, but still couldn’t help but to take an extra glance at Teacher Tony and the other two staff.

Just wanted to say… Does Boss Xu have any special preferences when it comes to hiring?

“Believe me, it’s all a mere coincidence.”

In Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City, Xu Ran earnestly looked at the hurriedly arrived Zhang Yun, “I’m not purposely selecting peculiar employees.”

“And you call this not such a thing?” Zhang Yun looked at Xu Ran suspiciously, “A few days ago I fostered my Stone Armored Dragon while arranging for three hours of accompanying training service each day for it, and guess what?”

“After the Stone Armored Dragon returned, it told me that the Frog employee would offer his own hatchlings to it as food every day while the one in black could scare it just by looking. The Stone Armored Dragon trained so hard for fear that they would attack it if it slackened off!”

“Ahh, this…” Xu Ran slightly coughed with a guilty conscience, “Anyway, the results of the fostering and accompanying training were achieved, weren’t they?”

“You don’t actually say, in fact, you do not.” Zhang Yun scratched his head, chuckled, “The effect was really good!”

“Then that proves our employees are trustworthy.” Xu Ran spoke with a faint guilty conscience.

“Anyway, it’s good that you, Boss Xu, are back.” Zhang Yun patted the Stone Armored Dragon standing behind him, “Stone needs to be groomed.”

“Sure.”

Xu Ran stood up, ready to take the Stone Armored Dragon for a wash, but Zhang Yun suddenly thought of something and hurriedly spoke, “By the way, Boss Xu.”

“What’s up?”

“I heard that when you were away, you had opened a branch store in Xieyun City?”

“That’s right.” Xu Ran nodded, “What’s the matter?” @@novelbin@@

“So, you will still go to Xieyun City next, right?” Zhang Yun asked tentatively.

“I’ll be here for about eight or nine days, then I’ll return.”

“Then can I entrust you with something.” Zhang Yun chuckled, “There’s a Transcendent Evolution Department in the Beast Master Association in Xieyun City, I don’t know if you’ve heard of it.”

“There is an elder in the Transcendent Evolution Department who had exchanged some words with me before. I’ve been wanting to write a letter to express my gratitude to him, but Xieyun City is too far for me to go, so…”

“So, you want me to deliver a letter for you?”

Xu Ran finished the sentence for Zhang Yun before he could.

“Correct, that’s it.” Zhang Yun quickly nodded, then his gaze was filled with anticipation as he looked at Xu Ran, “Can you do it?”

“No problem.” Xu Ran didn’t hesitate, he agreed with a nod.

Speaking of it, the tradition he had started with the ‘Three Little Ones’ to advertise our shop for increasing fame was originally inspired by Zhang Yun.

However, after several advertisements, Xu Ran had carried forward this good tradition.

Nowadays, it was just a small matter of helping to deliver a letter, it’s nothing big.

“Thank you so much.” Zhang Yun expressed his gratitude, “I’ll hand the letter over to you tomorrow!”

“Alright, no rush.” Xu Ran nodded, then brought the Stone Armored Dragon into the Grooming Room.

A moment later, a deep, hearty roar could be heard from inside the Grooming Room.

“Roar-”

“This familiar feeling…” Sitting outside the Grooming Room and hearing the familiar noise, Zhang Yun’s face was filled with satisfaction.

Thankfully, a few days ago he had resisted letting Teacher Tony help groom the Stone Armored Dragon!