Chapter 372 - 227 Ghost, You Finally Came Back! _2

Chapter 372  - 227 Ghost, You Finally Came Back! _2

With this thought in mind, they each charged in the direction of the voice.

A few moments later, two figures appeared before Xu Ran.

Staring at the Dark Speed Leopard with a trace of confusion on its face, standing their ground, and the Velvet Sparrow that had nonchalantly jumped off its head, a hint of helplessness crept onto Xu Ran's face, "I've told you, don't use the Order of No Conquest lightly." @@novelbin@@

The Velvet Sparrow that had landed ignored him, and stared unblinkingly at Xu Ran and the three little ones behind him. After a while, it couldn't resist raising its wing to wipe its eye corner.

"Chirp~" (You guys might as well not come back!)

"Really?" Seeing the tsundere-like attitude of the Velvet Sparrow, Xu Ran chuckled and retrieved a food bowl from behind him, "I prepared a special breakfast for you, won't you taste it?"

The Velvet Sparrow huffed and turned its head to the side.

"Chirp~" (The food made by the Big Bullfrog isn't bad either!)

"That's different." Xu Ran pushed the food bowl towards the Velvet Sparrow, "Try it?"

The Velvet Sparrow didn't turn its head back, yet the nostrils at the end of its beak twitched slightly.

A passing glint of astonishment flashed in its eyes before it picked up the food bowl silently and walked away.

Seeing the Velvet Sparrow no longer being pettish, Xu Ran then turned his attention to the other residents that had come up, with excitement in their eyes.

"It's been a while, time for lunch."

Amid a string of cheers, the food bowls were quickly distributed.

Amid the crowd of beasts, the Velvet Sparrow was savoring the food in the bowl.

It was unknown why, though the food made by the Big Bullfrog already tasted so good, when compared to Xu Ran's food, it seemed to lack something.

Thinking of its disconcerting behavior just now, the Velvet Sparrow felt somewhat frustrated.

On its way here, it had planned to at least sever ties with him for a day if it was truly Xu Ran coming back, but the taunting breakfast had lured it in.

Damn it!

"Chirp~" (Long time no see, Velvet Sparrow!)

CanCan brought its giant bowl over to the Velvet Sparrow's side.

The Velvet Sparrow stole a glance at CanCan, a trace of astonishment in its eyes.

Even though it had shrunk its body to its smallest, compared to the petite size of the Velvet Sparrow, CanCan was still several sizes larger.

As an elite level pet beast, it couldn't perceive the current power level of CanCan clearly, but its sixth sense, attributed to its super ability, told it that the strength of the guy before it had increased again over the half month, and by a lot!

This guy, who has just completed the evolution and broken into the Leader Stage, why is his power still progressing so fast?

"Chirp?" (What have you guys been doing this past half month?)

Upon hearing this from the Velvet Sparrow, a hint of excitement flashed on CanCan's face. It was just thinking of how to make the Velvet Sparrow ask, and lo and behold, the Velvet Sparrow cooperated.

"Chirp~" (We went to Xieyun City, it's so big...)

CanCan was munching down its food while sharing about its experience in the past half month with its good friend.

Even though the occasional splashing of food remains made the Velvet Sparrow show a face of disgust, its actions were still very serious when listening to the stories.

Before long, both CanCan and the Velvet Sparrow had finished their food, and CanCan's narration had also come to an end.

Though the content told by CanCan was only what it could tell the Velvet Sparrow, these alone had given the Velvet Sparrow a sense of yearning.

Just Qingzhou City had given it a lot of fun feelings. It had been here for almost a month, not once feeling bored. Each day it went out of the shop for a stroll, there were always new things to discover and experience.

From CanCan's narrative, it got a glimpse of what the bigger human cities look like.

Upon ranking, one may receive a lot of rewards from the Beast Trainer Ranking, and there was even a list for the individual pet beasts.

Then if it made a move, how high a ranking would it be able to achieve?

The Velvet Sparrow couldn't help but let its thoughts wander, but after a moment, it proceeded to shake its head helplessly.

It's not a pet beast after all, and it didn't have a way to travel such a long distance to Xieyun City.

"Meow~" (Finished eating?)

How infuriating, these guys went out to enjoy themselves behind its back and didn't even take it along!

"Meow~" (Finished eating?)

Ziyun, who was not far away, raised her head from the empty food bowl and walked towards CanCan, seeing the familiar fluffy Velvet Sparrow, it couldn't help but move its paws again. Its fierce and evil appearance made the Velvet Sparrow tremble and hide behind CanCan.

Noticing that her impulse had once again caused a misunderstanding, Ziyun silently withdrew her paws and showed a friendly smile to the Velvet Sparrow.

"Meow~" (Long time no see~)

The Velvet Sparrow shivered.

Damn it! Is she trying to dull my vigilance?!

"Alright." After all the pet beasts finished their meals, Xu Ran quickly cleared up the food bowls and looked at the three little ones, "You guys take your resources and start training."

"I'm off to open the shop." A smile spread across Xu Ran's face, "I wonder, if the first customer of the day will be a familiar face?"

-----------------

"Whew~"

A petite young girl stood in front of the door of Starfire Foster Care Shop in Qingzhou City, cradling a red fox in her arms.

At this moment, her face was creased with doubt and helplessness.

The Flame Fox had been diligently training all this while.

However, this had resulted in a rapid increase in the necessity for washing and care.

The Flame Fox, which initially required washing and care once a month, now required it almost every week. Any dirt and grime from training would affect its performance and subsequent training efficiency if not cleaned.

Today, it was time to provide washing and care for the Flame Fox again.

But...

"I really don't want to see Teacher Tony again!" Su Xiaoxiao said, somewhat exasperated. Rubbing her forehead, she looked at the Flame Fox in her arms, "Little Flame, can we come back tomorrow?"

"Meow~"

The Flame Fox shook its head in a manner that was elegant yet firm. After numerous wash and care sessions at Starfire Foster Care Shop, it had grown to love cleanliness. The present dirtiness had reached its limit of tolerance, and any more delay would cause it to explode from frustration.

"Alright." Su Xiaoxiao sighed, looking up at the sky. "Do you like Teacher Tony washing and caring for you that much?"

"Meow..."

Upon hearing Su Xiaoxiao's soul-searching question, the Flame Fox fell silent for a moment and showed a rare look of indecision.

Did it really like it?

It truly didn't know.

Teacher Tony's appearance did not conform to its aesthetic standards for humans. Moreover, Tony's rough hands could not compare to Su Xiaoxiao's delicate and smooth ones.

Even for a fox beast like it, Tony's boisterous yet effeminate voice felt awkward.

In essence, accepting washing and care from such a human was always a weird and repellent experience.

But all that disappeared with the relaxing and joyous feeling those rough hands provided during the washing and care process.

It was a joy that it couldn't resist.

So...

"Meow!"

Yes, it liked it!

At Su Xiaoxiao's expression of shock, the Flame Fox nodded vigorously.

"What..." Su Xiaoxiao looked like she was about to cry.

"What a calamity!"

"What calamity?"

The shop door opened at that instant, revealing Xu Ran, who had overheard Su Xiaoxiao's remark. A look of curiosity came over his face.

Su Xiaoxiao: "!!!"

She stood still for a moment, looking at the familiar figure at the entrance of the shop. After rubbing her eyes to make sure she wasn't seeing things, her face lit up with surprise, replacing her hesitation and reluctance, "Boss Xu! You're back!"

"Yes, I'm back for a while." Xu Ran nodded. His heart warmed a few degrees seeing Su Xiaoxiao as the first customer since his return to Qingzhou City shop, "The Flame Fox is here for a wash and care, isn't it!"

"Yes, yes!" Su Xiaoxiao nodded vigorously. And then, seeming to remember something, suddenly asked, "Boss Xu, is Teacher Tony here?"

"The Flame Fox seems to like Teacher Tony's wash and care more."

Flame Fox: "???"

"Meow!"

What's this Beast Master talking about?!

If given the choice, I'd choose Boss Xu!

The Flame Fox stretched out a paw and forcefully nudged Su Xiaoxiao's cheek.

"That might not be possible." Looking at the Flame Fox's refusal, Xu Ran chuckled and shook his head, "Teacher Tony has gone to manage the Xieyun City shop."

Su Xiaoxiao smiled brightly.

"Is that so? What a pity."