Chapter 378 - 231 What Do You Think Of Velvet Sparrow?_2

Chapter 378: Chapter 231 What do you think of Velvet Sparrow?_2

“Chirp?” (Do I get a share too?)

The Velvet Sparrow, which had been indifferent to everything, suddenly burst into excited light when it heard the words “four” from Xu Ran’s mouth.

It even got its own share!

“Of course, after all, you have contributed to the collection of these resources,” Xu Ran nodded naturally, “Tell me what resources you want to exchange, and I will help you do it then.”

“Chirp…” (The resources I want…)

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, the Velvet Sparrow’s face showed a thoughtful expression.

The enhancement of any transcendent being’s strength requires the blessing of resources, it was no exception, let alone, besides the normal upgrade and growth stages, it still had the need for evolution.

For the Velvet Sparrow, evolution was not a difficult thing, just go step by step according to the method of Daddy’s evolution, and it could evolve into the King Species, Demon Hawk, just like Daddy.

But when to evolve, the Velvet Sparrow had not made a decision yet.

After all, evolution was a serious matter, even with Daddy’s method, it still had a certain possibility of failure.

Originally, the Velvet Sparrow was planning to sneak back to the core zone of the Beast Field by the side of Daddy after playing around in the human city for a while.

But that time when it went out of the city, the Velvet Sparrow clearly sensed that Daddy had left a strength on its body to trace it.

Looking at the time now, this force had long dwindled, Daddy knew its location but remained indifferent.

This unusual reaction seemed to give the Velvet Sparrow some understanding.

At this moment, it was not time to go back.

So, it might need to gather the resources for evolution on its own.

Thinking of this, the Velvet Sparrow nodded its head.

“Chirp!” (Thankyou then!)

It looked at the three little beasts that were much stronger than itself, and couldn’t help but hold up its little chest.

After successful evolution, it would also break through the Leadership Stage.

By then, it would not be weaker than these three guys!

“This is what you deserve.” Xu Ran nodded with a smile, “Let’s go, we are going to the foster area. It’s time to prepare dinner.”

The four little beings who had been hanging about outside nodded together, their eyes lit up with anticipation.

Soon, a delicious and hearty dinner was served in front of them and the residents of the underground floor.

After a wolfish meal, Xu Ran took the three little ones back to the second floor to rest.

“Chirp-” (These guys…)

The Velvet Sparrow, full after the meal, looked at the back of Xu Ran and three little ones walking away, wiped its beak with its fluffy wings, a hint of envy flashed in its large blue eyes.

Although the environment of the foster area was comfortable, it was sort of yearning to live on the second floor like the three little ones.

What am I thinking? I must be crazy!

Shaking its head vigorously, discarding this thought from its mind, the Velvet Sparrow swayed over to its resting area.

“What do you three think of the Velvet Sparrow?”

Walking upstairs, Xu Ran sat on the bed and turned his head to look at the three little ones who had found their places ready to sleep and suddenly asked.

“Meow?” (Velvet Sparrow?)

Ziyun moved her ears, the image of the fluffy body of the Velvet Sparrow emerged in her mind, making her claws feel itchy again.

Really want to catch this little fellow and have a good rumbling!

A clever one, she had already known Xu Ran’s intention. Although she didn’t know why Xu Ran suddenly brought this up when he had just broken through to the third stage, Ziyun nodded after pondering for a moment.

“Meow-” (Notbad!)

As for the Velvet Sparrow, she couldn’t talk about disliking it, on the contrary, she sort of liked it in a different way. But seeing that the little one was so scared of her, she could only keep some distance from it.

“XiLu~” (I like it too.)

The star-like purple eyes flickered with a thoughtful light. The smart it also understood Xu Ran’s meaning and nodded slightly.

The Velvet Sparrow was of the super ability attribute, different from all three of them, and it was already at the elite stage, with one skill reaching the full moon level.

Being strong now meant that fewer corresponding resources would be needed after the contract was made.

The difference in attributes means they are not in competition with each other in terms of teachable skills.

Star made this rational analysis while also considering his own observation of the Velvet Sparrow.

In his opinion, the Velvet Sparrow was a clever but quite immature little thing, and frankly, he didn’t dislike the Velvet Sparrow.

“Charming?” (Velvet Sparrow? It’s super powerful!)

Among the three little ones, only Cancan didn’t quite understand Xu Ran’s meaning. As soon as he heard Xu Ran’s question, he quickly answered, admiring eyes twinkling.

Although his own strength was much stronger than the Velvet Sparrow’s at this moment, under the guidance of the Velvet Sparrow, he could always find decent resources outside the city with precision, which made the young and naive Cancan admire him greatly.

“Meow- ” (That’s not what he meant!)

Looking at the clueless Cancan, Ziyun shook his head helplessly, extending his claw to pat Cancan’s head and communicate Xu Ran’s meaning to him.

Understanding dawned in Cancan’s eyes, followed by surprise.

So that’s what he meant!

Does this mean he can play with the Velvet Sparrow every day?

“Charming!” (I agree!)

“It seems that all three of you agree.” Seeing the reactions of the three little ones, Xu Ran nodded slightly.

The purpose of his question was obviously to make a contract with the Velvet Sparrow and make it his fourth pet beast.

Originally, this issue didn’t need to be discussed at this point.

After all, considering the accelerating effect of the Meditation Acceleration Card, it would be several months before he could break through to the Fourth Stage of contract power.

But with the unexpected acquisition of the Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card, his time to break through to the Fourth Stage of contract power sped up. If everything went well, he would reach it in about ten days.

With this acceleration, the choice for the fourth pet beast became an issue that needed to be addressed as soon as possible.

He had previously considered making a contract with the Velvet Sparrow, it was just a tentative idea then, but seeing the Velvet Sparrow again, the idea resurfaced.

Despite the Velvet Sparrow appearing nonchalant about everything, underneath lay some mystery unknown to Xu Ran. However, he found the sparrow to be an interesting and talented fellow, who also had a fitting attribute.

More importantly, it was already quite familiar with the three little ones.

Making a contract with it is much better than finding a new pet beast to train and contract.

“I’ll talk to it when I exchange Beast Master Points in a few days.” Xu Ran smiled. @@novelbin@@

He also had an extra King Species Evolution Route.

If the Velvet Sparrow was still as reluctant as before to make a contract with a human Beast Master, then let it feel the temptation of the Evolution Path a little bit.

Having made up his mind, Xu Ran sat cross-legged and slowly closed his eyes.

In an instant, he entered a deep meditation state.

Time swiftly passed, and five days were gone.

In these five days, Xu Ran had met almost all familiar customers at least once. His return was known to everyone in Qingzhou City, and the business of Starfire Foster Care Shop welcomed a surging increase again.

After all, compared to Tony, everyone preferred Boss Xu to do the Washing and Protection.

The busyness was only for Xu Ran. The three little ones who came back to Qingzhou City started to relax. After six hours of training every day, they went out of the city to look for resources and adventure.

Accompanying them was the Velvet Sparrow, who would go out for a walk when the three little ones were training, and return to the shop to gather with them when their training was over.

In these five days, under the precise guidance of the Velvet Sparrow and Cancan’s efficient search, the resources they had collected had reached a level where the shop was almost unable to accommodate them.

So Xu Ran made a phone call to have the Association members come and exchange the resources.

Over five days, they had earned a total of 16,000+ Beast Master Points.

“You each take 4,000.” Xu Ran looked at the four little ones, who were all expectant, and then turned to the Velvet Sparrow with a smile. “Velvet Sparrow, is there anything you want to exchange for?”

A flash of excitement crossed the Velvet Sparrow’s eyes.

According to what it had learned during this period, with so many Beast Master Points, it could exchange for all the resources needed for its evolution.

“Chirp-” (Fantasy Crystals, Suai Stage Blood Essence of the Super ability Attribute, Transcendence Flower, Efficacy Healing Water!)

The expression on Xu Ran’s face froze slightly.

These resources…

Why do they seem a bit off?! >