Chapter 377 - 231 What Do You Think Of Velvet Sparrow?!

Chapter 377: Chapter 231 What do you think of Velvet Sparrow?!

Seeing his fame increase by over 4% in one day, Xu Ran immediately thought of the trio of system clerks located in Xieyun City.

Could it be… they’ve stirred up something new?

With this thought, Xu Ran couldn’t resist picking up the landline on the counter and dialing the exclusive number for Xieyun City.

“Boss, hearing your voice again is thrilling, this is the first time you’ve actively called me, you must be missing me…”

“Alright, Teacher Tony, hold up.” Xu Ran swallowed his twitching mouth corner, interrupting the words spoken by Tony with a low voice, “Is today’s business at the Xieyun City branch going well?”

“Of course!” Upon hearing Xu Ran mentioning the business within the shop, Tony’s voice suddenly raised by an octave.

“Thanks to you boss, our store today was bursting with customers. However, through the combined efforts of myself and the other staff, everything was handled very well.”

“Thanks to me?” Xu Ran slightly raised his eyebrows.

“Of course.” Tony, on the other side of the phone, nodded heavily, “It was because you gained the first position on all three Leader Level Beast Trainer Rankings in Xieyun City that we had so many customers today.”

“Is that so?” In Xu Ran’s voice, there was a hint of puzzlement.

It sounded plausible.

After all, reaching first place on all three rankings and surpassing Chairman Fang’s daughter, FangYuling, was indeed astonishing and naturally boosted his fame.

But…

That happened the day before yesterday. Theoretically, his fame should have increased most rapidly right after the event, hence yesterday’s fame increase should have been faster than today. But, in reality, it was just the opposite. @@novelbin@@

Somehow, Xu Ran felt something was amiss.

It seemed like there was something he wasn’t taking into account?

Meanwhile in Xieyun City at the Starfire Foster Care Shop, Tony wore a beaming smile while holding the phone.

At that moment, the voices of two women chatting outside drifted in.

“Huh? They usually close at this time, why are they still open?”

“It’s good that they’re still open! Yueyue, let’s go in together and see just how magical this shop is.”

“You can count on it!”

Noticing the commotion outside, Tony turned his head towards the two women entering the shop, “Welcome!-”

One of the women’s expression changed drastically upon seeing Tony, while the other gave a triumphant smirk and pushed her friend forward, “Teacher Tony, can you take care of her pet beast?”

“Cao! Yue!” The realization hit the woman and she shouted her friend’s name before turning her gaze to Tony who was looking their way—she quickly shook her head, “Excuse me!”

“Boss, let’s talk later. We have customers.” Tony uttered into the phone before hurriedly hanging up, laughing heartily, and flashing a heart sign towards the woman, “Welcome to Starfire Foster Shop!”

“Doo-doo-doo…”

On the other end of the phone, hearing the busy signal on the line, Xu Ran’s expression gradually became odd.

So this is what happened?

At this moment, he seemed to understand something.

It appeared the kind of friends that tricked other good friends into suffering seemed to exist in every world.

“Well, at least my fame has increased.” Xu Ran grinned while shaking his head.

Although Tony may sometimes appear a bit unsettling due to his excessive enthusiasm, as system store manager, he would never act in a way that would turn off customers and make them never want to return.

At most… they would return despite feeling disgruntled.

This unique method of increasing fame could indeed offer some new insights.

Xu Ran stroked his chin, pondering the feasibility of letting Tony take charge if a similar situation ensued in the future.

On second thought, it is better to just behave normally.

“Charming!” (We are back!)

Cancan’s voice came from outside the shop door, immediately followed by the sound of someone knocking on the door.

Xu Ran re-opened the shop door, quickly spotting the four little creatures.

In addition to Ziyun, Star, and Cancan, there was also the Velvet Sparrow that had accompanied them.

“How was it today? How did the gathering go?” Seeing the smiles on the four little creatures’ faces, Xu Ran quietly asked.

“Charming!” (We found quite a lot of good stuff!)

Cancan shook its shell excitedly. Pieces of resources, pulsating with energy, fell off its body and scattered across the floor of the shop.

Yes, the four of them had gone scavenging outside the city again.

Previously, only Cancan could burrow into the earth with its Burrow Soil ability, hence the gathering had to be carried out by it alone.

But now, Burrow Soil has leveled up to the Three Star Skill, Subterranean Shape Pond, which not only is faster, but also grants the same ability to objects nearby.

In other words, it can bring others along.

Ziyun and Star, who had finished their six-hour training in the training area and have no need to pursue the Beast Trainer Ranking, chose to accompany Cancan to look around, conveniently taking along the Velvet Sparrow that knew a lot about the environment outside the city.

It was clear they were efficient.

These resources varied from Leadership Stage resources as the highest to Transcendent Stage resources as the lowest, which had almost no value for the three little ones to absorb or use. However, sheer quantity made them valuable when exchanged for Beast Master Points.

“Indeed, quite a good harvest.” Xu Ran took a quick look and swiftly tidied up the resources on the ground, “After we gather a bit more in the next few days, I’ll exchange them for Beast Master Points and split the points among you four.”