Chapter 380 - 233: The Nightmare Beast King That Rushes To The Beast Emperor L

Chapter 380: Chapter 233: The Nightmare Beast King that Rushes to the Beast Emperor l

“Chirp?!” (What did you say?)

Having listened to the chattering explanations of the three little ones, the Velvet Sparrow’s expression shifted from initial bewilderment to now, surprise.

Although the Velvet Sparrow hadn’t contracted yet and the three little ones didn’t reveal everything about the boosting process, just the mere knowledge that Xu Ran had a way to elevate a two-star skill to three-star was enough to render the sparrow speechless with astonishment.

It turned its head to look at Xu Ran, sparks of admiration lighting up in its eyes.

Having a high-potential evolution path and a way to elevate two-star skills to three-star without evolving, this human was just too amazing.

Were all human Beast Masters like this? But according to its observations, the other Beast Masters’ pets didn’t seem so powerful.

So, there could be only one truth!

The Beast Master it chose was special!

For a moment, the Velvet Sparrow felt a surge of secret delight in its heart.

“Anyway, don’t worry about the evolution conditions,” Xu Ran paused momentarily, “Once we contract, I will be able to take you to Xieyun City. By then, getting the corresponding evolution materials won’t be hard.”

“Our only problem is the evolution ceremony,” Xu Ran’s face revealed a trace of concern, “With thousands of creatures dreaming at the same time, this ceremony might be a bit challenging to pull off.”

The Velvet Sparrow opened its mouth to speak then closed it again.

To its perspective, this seemed to be the simplest part of all.

There were countless Transcendent Beings in the Beast Field; under its Dad’s charisma, it could easily summon thousands who could dream simultaneously. This would be no sweat for its King-level Dad.

After the initial excitement, the Velvet Sparrow suddenly became a bit concerned.

You can’t wrap fire in paper. Once it contracted with Xu Ran, its identity couldn’t be hidden forever.

Given the animosity between humans and the Transcendent Beings in the Beast Field, to the point of being mortal enemies, how would Xu Ran view it after he found out the truth?

Thinking about this, the Velvet Sparrow fell into a sudden gloom. @@novelbin@@

“What’s wrong?”

Noticing the Velvet Sparrow’s initially excited then suddenly low-spirited demeanor, Xu Ran softly asked.

“Chirp-” (Nothing!)

The Velvet Sparrow shook its head vigorously, rallying its mood to keep Xu Ran from seeing its thoughts.

Undeterred, Xu Ran turned his attention to the three little ones, “Do you three want to exchange for resources?”

The three little ones shook their heads in unison.

The King-level resources they had previously exchanged for were still not completely absorbed. How could they settle for minor resources in Qingzhou City?

“Then, let’s save them for later,” Xu Ran smiled, put away his cellphone, glanced at the fading daylight outside the shop door, “It’s getting late. We should head upstairs for bed.”

“Velvet Sparrow, do you want to come up with us?”

“Chirp?” (Me?)

The Velvet Sparrow’s eyes lit up. All its previous negativity swept away in an instant, and its mood brightened considerably. Every time it saw the three little ones follow Xu Ran upstairs and it could only stay in the foster area, it envied them.

Even though it hadn’t contracted yet, it could now finally join them to sleep upstairs!

“Chirp!” (Let’s go!)

The Velvet Sparrow hopped off the counter, its pudgy body swinging side to side as it trailed behind the three little ones, following Xu Ran upstairs.

“Chirp-” (So this is where you guys sleep every day!)

The Velvet Sparrow, which had ventured upstairs for the first time, flitted here and there, appearing quite curious about everything.

It fluttered its wings, managed a jump from the floor to Xu Ran’s bed, and started to inspect its surroundings.

It was far less spacious than its lounge area downstairs, but for some inexplicable reason, Velvet Sparrow liked it here much more. Not only because Xu Ran and the three little ones were here, but also because this place evoked a sense of warmth that nowhere else had.

The last time it felt such warmth was in Nightmare Palace, located in the core zone of the Beast Field, the stronghold of its race filled with its kin.

But in contrast to the Nightmare Palace, this place had something more – novelty.

The Velvet Sparrow hopped about, flying to the bedside lamp, and quickly found the light switch. With a light tap from its beak, it turned on the light, then turned it off with another tap.

Next, it fluttered onto the coat rack, inspecting Xu Ran’s clothes with interest.

Seeing how the Velvet Sparrow was curious about everything, the three little ones exchanged glances, then Cancan reached up its paw.

“Charming!” (This time, I got it!)

Having said so, Cancan quickly went beside Velvet Sparrow.

“Charming!” (Come with me, I’ll show you around the second floor!)

“Chirp!” (Okay!)

The Velvet Sparrow’s eyes lit up and it nodded vigorously.

Soon, Cancan carried the Velvet Sparrow out of the bedroom to explore the rest of the rooms.

Watching this scene, smiles appeared in the eyes of both Ziyun and Star.

When Star had first arrived, Ziyun had guided it around the upstairs and downstairs surroundings. Likewise, when Cancan was born, Star had introduced it to the other residents in the downstairs foster area.

Now, it was Cancan’s turn to help Velvet Sparrow.

Before long, Cancan returned with the Velvet Sparrow. Xu Ran was pleased to see the four little ones getting along better, then turned to Velvet Sparrow, “Do you have a name? If not, shall I help you get one?”

All this time, he had referred to Velvet Sparrow by its race name.

Since he had decided to contract Velvet Sparrow as his pet beast, at least he should give it a name.