Chapter 388 - 238: Reclaiming Our Glory!_1

Chapter 388: Chapter 238: Reclaiming Our Glory!_1

“Yo~ My dear boss-”

Just as Xu Ran regained control of his senses after being teleported to the Starfire Foster Shop in Xieyun City, he found himself in the embrace of a muscular figure.

” I know you’ ve just experienced something heartbreaking, let my warm embrace give you enough comfort…”

Watching the big face getting closer and closer, Xu Ran emotionlessly raised his hand to hold it back, then pushed hard to extricate himself from this enthusiastic hug, “Alright, teacher Tony, I appreciate your sentiment.”

“Alright- ” Tony dropped his hands regretfully, then made a heart shape towards Xu Ran, “Boss, I hope our performance at the Starfire Foster Shop in Xieyun City during this period did not disappoint you.”

As his words fell, the man in black and the green-skinned frog standing behind him quickly nodded in agreement. Although they didn’t say anything, they cast their eager glances at Xu Ran simultaneously.

However…

Due to their inherent temperament and style, these eager looks had slightly deviated, losing their original meaning.

In Xu Ran’s view, it seemed as though the teacher in black wanted to take him down, and the teacher of the green-skinned frog was clearly more foolish.

“What’s with you two?” Seeing the performance of these two system clerks, Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

“Oh, it’s like this.” Tony chuckled, patted his two good colleagues on the shoulders, “The main task 3 is about to complete. You will have three new clerks, and an unexpected new branch store, so…”

“These two want to compete for the position of the new system store manager.”

“Huh?” A bewildered look crossed Xu Ran’s face, “It’s about to be completed?”

Without hesitating, he immediately opened the task panel, followed by an exclamation, “Whoa”.

[Main Task 3: Out with the Old, in with the New]

Task Description: Please open a branch store in the second level town, and let the local popularity reaches 70% (69.1/70).

Rewards: system clerks x3, system upgrade experience +400]

Because he had been spending more time communicating with Twelve lately, he nearly forgot about the main tasks. Now that he had checked again, he was surprised to see that his fame had improved so much.

With less than 1% remaining, Main Task 3 was about to be completed?

Based on this rate, perhaps it would all be done by tonight?

Thinking about this, Xu Ran couldn’t help but turn his head and look at the man in black and the green-skinned frog.

So, he really had to start considering who would be the second system store manager.

However…

Xu Ran’s expression gradually turned strange.

The man in black and the green-skinned frog, they don’t seem to be able to speak, right?

Can a system clerk who can’t speak be a store manager?

Keep in mind, the store manager has the authority to use the store’s landline phone, he can call and report work and other matters.

Assigning this work to a clerk who can’t speak might not be a good idea, right?

But the experience of the man in black and the green-skinned frog was indeed the oldest besides teacher Tony-

Thinking about this, Xu Ran couldn’t help but hold his forehead.

In his heart, he held a faint hope that the three system clerks brought by Main Task 3 would be somewhat more normal.

So…

The decision on who will become the system store manager will have to wait until those three people’s situations have been seen.

“This question, let’s discuss it when the three system clerks arrive.” Xu Ran gestured to the three of them, “You go back to Qingzhou City first.”

“Okay.”

Teacher Tony nodded, shrugged his shoulders at the two colleagues behind him.

You see, I’ve already appealed to the boss for you.

The man in black and the green-skinned frog cast appreciative eyes at Tony at the same time, their weird looks made even Tony – with his abnormality-shiver a bit.

The three of them disappeared from the shop at the same time, then the three little ones appeared in the Hexagram Star Array flashing behind Xu Ran.

“There’s not much time left.” Xu Ran glanced at the time, then looked at the three little ones, “Before the settlement, we need to beat the clock.”

The three little ones’ eyes were burning with fighting spirit at the same time.

It has been quiet for nine days, it’s time for the Beast Mastery Ranking List of the leadership level to feel their strength!

Xieyun City, Beast Master List.

Accompanied by a low bell tolling through the entire area, the ranking of Fang Yuling on the Historical Beast Master Overall Power Ranking, rose by one place.

And her current ranking had already returned to first place a few days ago.

There are quite a few onlookers around the historical and current lists seeing the ranking change, they couldn’t help but burst into discussion.

“What do you say, will he appear today?”

“I don’t think so. There’s only a few hours left till the weekly settlement, if Boss Xu were to appear, he would have already done so, right?”

“I went to the Starfire Foster Shop today. Those who are maintaining the shop are still those three. Boss Xu probably hasn’t returned yet. I’m afraid he’ll miss this weekly settlement.”

“Speaking of those three… Have you guys been to the Starfire Foster Shop for Washing and Protection recently?”

As an unknown person spoke, the discussion quieted down.

The surroundings became quiet, and the expressions of everyone on the scene became strange.

Even if they have been, they would never admit it now!

But before long, this tranquility was disrupted.

“I reckon Xu Ranis just scared.” A voice began, “He knows that he won’t be able to compete with Fang Yuling even if he shows up, so he chooses to hide.”

“You should know, not only has Fang Yuling surpassed Xu Ran’s previous records this week, but she has also continuously advanced in the historical rankings, now nearly approaching Chairman Fang.”

“Xu Ran is nowhere near such prowess!”

With this, the speaker revealed some arrogance on his face.

“Brother, I remember you. You pursued Fang Yuling a few days ago, and the flowers you gave were thrown in the trash can.” A nearby student gave him a look, chuckling, “Even if you advocate for her, she won’t appreciate it!”

Thus, laughter echoed among the onlookers.

“You guys…” The man who had just spoken changed his expression slightly, huffed, then turned and left, unable to save face.

Without the negative remarks, the other onlookers once again delved into heated discussions. Whether Boss Xu would appear tonight became the topic of their speculation.

After all, it is rare for a Beast Master of the same stature to surpass Fang Yuling. They were extremely curious if this was just a one-time spectacle.

Amid the clamor and heated discussions, Fang Yuling, with a calm demeanor, exited the C01 test zone. She looked up at herself, now listed first on the leaderboard, a strange glint flashing in her eyes.

Will you show up?

She quietly stood in front of the leaderboard waiting. Roughly half an hour later, she shook her head slightly and turned to leave.

She didn’t want to wait any longer.

She had heard the ongoing discussions from the onlookers.

If nothing unexpected happened, Xu Ran wouldn’t appear tonight.

Regarding her reclaiming the top spot on the weekly list, Fang Yuling didn’t feel much joy. After all, the rewards for topping the leaderboards meant little to her.

Xu Ran’s absence made her feel as if her victory lacked accomplishment.

“Click…”

The appearance of a familiar figure ahead caused Fang Yuling to halt.

Noticing Xu Ran, who was in a hurry, briskly heading toward the leaderboard, her face revealed a hint of surprise.

He’s here?

“Almost didn’t make it.” Xu Ran nodded at Fang Yuling and then smiled, “Impressive. Your strength has greatly improved in just a few days.”

“I’m off to take the test. See you!”

Leaving behind these words, Xu Ran, along with the three little ones, turned and rushed toward the C01 test zone.

Fang Yuling remained in place without moving, and after a while turned back to the spot where she had been observing the leaderboard.

Since Xu Ran had come, she was curious to see how much his strength had improved in these nine days of his absence.

There were also many onlookers who noticed Xu Ran’s arrival.

From one to ten, ten to a hundred, news spread quickly, and soon Beast Masters in the nearby area heard about it and quickly flocked to the Leadership Level Beast Master leaderboard.

Included among them were even Beast Masters of other power layers.

This was rare in the past. After all, most Beast Masters of different power layers mainly paid attention to their respective Beast Master Rankings.

However, the Starfire Foster Care Shop had been in the limelight recently, and Fang Yuling, being Chairman Fang’s only daughter, was also an extraordinary figure.

Time passed by the minute and second. More and more Beast Masters wanting to witness this competition gathered around, virtually blocking off the nearby area.

Just then, a low bell tone reverberated throughout the Beast Master Ranking zone.

“Here it comes!”

No one knew who was the first one to shout excitedly, but everyone turned their eyes to the currently flickering light of the Overall Power List and the towering light column of the Historical Overall Power List.

Second place on the Current List was Xu Ran, whose name was intensely watched by countless people.

Everyone knew that a ranking of a Beast Master in the process of charging up the list could never fall, it could only rise.

So, the only possible change in Xu Ran’s ranking would be to the first place!

The crowd’s eyes were filled with excited expressions.

This time, their arrival was too worthwhile!

Fang Yuling, who was standing at the front of the crowd, also showed a regretful expression on her face.

Still not quite there, huh?

Seeing her name on the current leaderboard light up and swap places with Xu Ran’s, she couldn’t help but purse her lips.

After being outranked, she had dropped all slack in this period and returned to her state of going all out to become stronger.

Even so, she still couldn’t surpass Xu Ran?

After the final ranks were settled on the current list, Xu Ran’s rank on the adjacent historical chart also quickly rose, eventually settling at second place. @@novelbin@@

“2nd Place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Overall Power: 452983”

First on the Current List, second on the Historical List!

“Huh…” Fang Yuling took a deep breath, then turned and left.

She had already guessed the outcome of the other listings.

Rather than wasting time here, it was better to continue training vigorously.

A moment after Fang Yuling disappeared from the spot, Xu Ran appeared in front of the leaderboard.

“Fang Yuling already left?” From the nearby crowd, Xu Ran received this information. He couldn’t help touching his chin and looking at the first place on the historical list.

“1st Place, Fang Canghai, Overall Power: 487896”

The gap is still quite big…

Hosted, but it drained me.