Chapter 387 - 237: The Nightmare Beast King’S Concession!

Chapter 387: Chapter 237: The Nightmare Beast King’s Concession!

Now that his own evolution had not been successful, although he had managed to kill the Magma Beast King, which had caused some deterrent effects, the Magma Beast King was far from the strongest among the Six Kings.

The other four Beast Kings were by no means easy to deal with. Whether they would join forces to target him next, the Nightmare Beast King couldn’t be sure.

Under these circumstances, he naturally couldn’t let Twelve remain in the outside world.

“Squawk ” (That human is too weak and can’t protect you, so you better stay by my side.)

“Chirp!” (I don’t want to! I want to go back to Qingzhou City!)

Twelve spoke firmly, her voice tinged with a hint of anger.

She hadn’t made a contract with Xu Ran yet, hadn’t participated in the long- awaited resource distribution with the other three little ones, and there were so many things she hadn’t done yet.

She absolutely refused to stay by her dad’s side!

Hearing Twelve’s firm opposition, a trace of surprise and astonishment surfaced in the eyes of the Nightmare Beast King.

At this moment, he couldn’t help but recall Twelve before she had left the Beast Field.

This daughter of his, although mischievous, had never once defied him.

But this time… @@novelbin@@

His daughter was fighting so resolutely because of a human.

“Squawk- ” (Did that human use some bewitching spell on you?)

Twelve turned her head to one side, remaining silent, but the resolute look in her big, sea-blue eyes never wavered a bit.

“Boom!”

Accompanied by a low rumble, the massive body of the Nightmare Beast King gently landed on the branch, they had arrived at the territory of the Velvet Sparrow clan.

He put his daughter down, then squinted his sharp, lavender eyes and stared into Twelve’s eyes.

After a moment of silence, the Nightmare Beast King heaved a sigh.

“Squawk-” (Since that’s the case, I’ll give that human a chance.)

“Squawk-” (If he dares to appear here and come here to meet you, then I’ll allow him to contract with you.)

Having said that, the Nightmare Beast King let out a reverberating roar, and soon a General Stage Demon Hawk descended, guarding Twelve like a protector.

Nodding at the Demon Hawk, the Nightmare Beast King turned and left, soon disappearing from the spot.

Twelve glanced sideways at the Demon Hawk that was watching her, then lowered her head again.

Daddy is a bad guy! He even assigned a subordinate to monitor her.

She had originally wanted to tell him about her new evolution path, but now she decided not to share!

Hmph!

After grumbling in her heart for a bit, Twelve tiptoed to her feet, looking in the direction of Qingzhou City with a hint of melancholy and loss in her eyes.

Would Xu Ran and the three of them… come to find her?

“They will, they definitely will,”

In the Starfire Foster Care Shop, Xu Ran gratefully shook He Nian’s hand, “Thank you, President He, for helping to conceal Twelve’s situation. The Starfire Foster Care Shop will always be here, we’ll continue operating in Qingzhou City, that’s my promise.”

“Hehe, good.” There was a bit more of a smile on He Nian’s face as he nodded in satisfaction, “In that case, I have a place to wash and care for my four pet beasts.”

“President He, there’s another thing I’m curious about,” said Xu Ran softly, looking at the ever-so-calm He Nian who hadn’t shown the slightest bit of fear despite the recent chaos that had almost led to the destruction of the entire Qingzhou.

“When did you find out about Twelve’s identity?”

“Hmm… good question.” He Nian laughed heartily, “What if I said, the moment she entered Qingzhou City?”

“This…” Xu Ran’s expression shifted slightly.

He didn’t doubt He Nian’s words. After all, there was no reason for the man to deceive him.

But if Twelve’s identity was discovered by He Nian the moment she entered Qingzhou City, why didn’t he take action then?

Or was it… everything was under his control?

If that’s really the case, then this elderly man who has been in charge of Qingzhou City for decades is not simple at all…

“It’s not that exaggerated.” It seemed that He Nian had guessed Xu Ran’s thoughts from the change in his expression, and shook his head with a smile, “Actually, I wanted to see if there was a chance for a Beast Master to make a contract with the Nightmare Beast King’s daughter.”

“If we can establish a connection with a Beast King through this, our Qingzhou City will be much safer in the future.”

“Establish a connection with a Beast King?” Xu Ran’s face showed a hint of surprise.

He didn’t expect President He to have such a thought.

“Is it surprising? After all, humans and Transcendent Beings are mortal enemies.” He Nian smiled, “Boss Little Xu, do you know how many species there are among the Transcendent Beings?”

“I don’t know.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly.

“Not counting those evolved, just the initial Leader Species, I know there are more than three thousand.” He Nian spoke softly, “These species coexist in the vast Beast Field.”

“Not only do they view humans as enemies, but they also have friends and foes among themselves.” He Nian’s voice paused slightly, “So to simply categorize Transcendent Beings as a group is a wrong conception.”

“The six Beast Kings also have their own spheres of influence and groups of follower species.”

“They are not entirely united. For example, the Nightmare Beast King and the Lava Beast King who fought today have a very poor relationship.”

“We humans are insignificant compared to the group of Transcendent Beings. If they are determined to annihilate humans, we simply cannot resist.”

“Eh?” Xu Ran blinked, “But isn’t there the one from Changshi City…”

“Are you talking about President Zhao from Changshi City?” He Nian shook his head slightly, “It’s true he is a King-level Beast Master, and it’s also true that he has five King-stage Pet Beasts.”

“In a solo fight, he alone can confront the six Beast Kings, and now that there are only five Beast Kings left, he has more certainty.”

“But will the Transcendent Beings give him such an opportunity?”

“If there are dozens, even hundreds of General Stage Transcendent Beings that cooperate seamlessly, and countless Leader Stage and Elite Stage Transcendent Beings lurking around, President Zhao will still perish.”

“Too many ants can kill an elephant!”

“Remember, what’s scary about Transcendent Beings is never their high-end combat power, but the astonishing order displayed by a large number of low- end combat forces under the command of the high-end combat power.”

“Hiss…” Thinking of that scene, Xu Ran couldn’t help but gasp.

“To the Beast Field, we humans are just surviving in a narrow gap.”

“Transcendent Beings cannot be eradicated, and even if they could, we must not do that. Because the Pet Beasts we humans contract, the resources that make us stronger, all come from them, and therefore…”

He Nian’s voice paused slightly, “Coalition and manipulation are necessary actions.”

“If we can get a Beast King to secretly support Qingzhou City, solve the Beast Tide problem, allow the Beast Masters of Qingzhou City to exterminate Transcendent Beings more safely outside, Qingzhou City can develop rapidly.”

Xu Ran nodded, understanding but not fully comprehending.

So the high-level executives of the Beast Master Association need to consider issues from such a perspective.

Too complicated, running a foster shop is simple and relaxed.

“Went off track.” He Nian gave a wry smile, “It’s no use talking about these things now, after all, the Nightmare Beast King has already taken the Velvet Sparrow.”

“Originally, I thought you would have a chance.” He Nian looked at Xu Ran and shook his head helplessly, “Even you can’t contract with that Velvet Sparrow, it just shows that it’s destined that we in Qingzhou City can’t establish a relationship with her.”

Xu Ran was about to tell him his plan to go into the Beast Field and bring Twelve back after gaining more strength.

But after thinking about it, Xu Ran silently closed his mouth.

“Alright, I’ll leave first.” He Nian nodded at Xu Ran and left the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

“Take care!”

Watching him leave, Xu Ran slowly closed the shop door and then turned to look at the three little ones behind him, “Let’s go, it’s time for us to go to Xieyun City.”

The three little ones nodded in unison.

The weekly settlement for the new week is about to begin.

Before the settlement begins, they’re going to refresh their ranking on the leaderboard!

Compared to before, they now have a new incentive to become stronger.

To break into the Beast Field and bring back Twelve!