Chapter 385 - 236 Battle Of The Two Kings! _1

Chapter 385: Chapter 236 Battle of the Two Kings! _1

“Chirp?” (What should we do?)

Feeling uneasy and curled up in Xu Ran’s arms, Twelve twisted its body and lifted its head looking at Xu Ran with a hint of apology in its eyes.

Earlier, He Nian and the Lava Beast King’s conversation was heard where Xu Ran and his pets were.

The apology in Twelve’s eyes was not only towards Xu Ran, but also towards countless humans within Qingzhou City.

After living here for a month, it had grown fond of many things and people in Qingzhou City. But at this moment, its existence had become their disaster.

“Let’s wait a bit longer.” Xu Ran’s eyes showed a contemplative look, and then he said softly, “When will your father come?”

“Chirp-” (I don’t know…)

The Velvet Sparrow helplessly shook its head.

Given its power, it was impossible for it to sense the exact location of its father.

Under normal circumstances, its father should have already received the news and be on his way. However, if its father had been delayed by something…

The Velvet Sparrow somewhat dared not imagine.

“Don’t worry.” Xu Ran said softly, “No matter what happens, we will standby you.”

“Meow-” (Exactly!)

“Xi Lu~” (We’re in this together!)

“Charming!” (Never abandon a companion!)

Hearing Xu Ran and the three little pets speak up, tears glistened in Twelve’s eyes. After a moment, its gaze became firm.

It vigorously shook its head.

“Chirp-” (If my father doesn’t come, hand me over to the Lava Beast King.)

“Chirp-” (As long as my father is around, the Beast King can only imprison me at most.)

It didn’t want to drag down Xu Ran and the others, nor did it want to burden the countless people of Qingzhou City.

“Don’t be too pessimistic.” Xu Ran sighed in his heart and forced a smile, trying to comfort it, “President He seemed quite calm just now. Maybe he has other plans?”

As he said this, Xu Ran felt a bit more respect and gratitude for the old man in his heart.

Without a doubt, he knew Twelve’s identity.

But in the confrontation with the Lava Beast King, He Nian never mentioned it.

Even though the search for the entire city was underway, Xu Ran could see that this search was more of a show for the Lava Beast King.

Although he didn’t know what was giving He Nian the courage, Xu Ran took note of this favor.

Time passed by the minute and second, and soon the ten minutes that He Nian and the Lava Beast King had agreed upon was about to end.

The horrifying presence around the Lava Beast King started to surge again.

His gruesome and crazy red eyes, as if they were trying to swallow He Nian completely, stared at him intently.

“Roar???? ”

“Time is almost up!”

“Soon, very soon.” He Nian whispered, his eyes flashing with an eerie light.

The next instant, a sudden change occurred.

“Screech? ”

A sharp cry filled with extreme anger echoed from the horizon. Along with the cry, an omnipresent pressure showed up that was no weaker than that of the Lava Beast King.

A gigantic hawk ferociously flapped its wings, cutting through the void by relying on its physical strength and quickly swept towards them like a stream of light.

Its form grew larger in the eyes of countless beings, and in no time, it appeared above the Qingzhou city gate. The overwhelming majesty attributable to a king covered the entire area!

He Nian breathed a sigh of relief. The composure he had been forcing earlier vanished instantly, and a wry smile with a sense of relief appeared on his face.

Thankfully, it arrived in time.

His gaze landed on a translucent pet beast by his side, which had an exceedingly weak aura.

Super ability attribute King Species, Jade Spirit King.

This super ability attribute pet beast had a unique ability which can split and maintain avatars for a long time while possessing extremely great concealment

Using its abilities, He Nian can know many things on the outside without leaving the house.

The Jade Spirit King had several avatars hidden in the Beast Field in different locations, responsible for investigating all kinds of situations within the Beast Field.

By coincidence, one avatar happened to be near the underground cave where Cancan had completed its evolution and saw traces of the Nightmare Beast King.

By sacrificing an avatar, He Nian managed to call the Nightmare Beast King here.

“Next…” Looking at the Nightmare Beast King, which fixed its murderous gaze on the Lava Beast King immediately, He Nian took a deep breath, “Everyone retreat!”

The after-effects of a battle between two king stage transcendent beings were equally dangerous.

Ignoring He Nian and the situation of the humans of Qingzhou City, The Nightmare Beast King stared at the Lava Beast King with sharp killing intent and fierce hatred in his eyes.

Its evolution was not successful after all.

Despite the many preparations and calculations, the Nightmare Beast King’s evolution still failed.

Thankfully, it was calm enough to abandon everything at the critical moment. Not only was it not seriously injured due to the failed evolution, but its power even slightly increased.

However, such gains were far from enough!

The Nightmare Beast King needed something to vent its dissatisfaction with at the moment.

The fool in front of it who knew neither life nor death was the perfect choice.

In an instant, it knew what the Lava Beast King wanted to do.

“Screech? ”

“Lava lizard, you asked for it!”

Letting out a sharp cry, the Nightmare Beast King quickly lunged at the Lava Beast King.

A vaporous, iridescent light erupted from all around it, transforming into countless fragments of residual imprints. Within each fragment, it seemed as though a different dream was flickering.

Without exception, each of these fragments pulsed with a purple glow, flashing with an aura of negation and ominous ambience. It came across as if any creatures that came into contact with it would be plunged into a terrible nightmare, unable to extricate themselves.

Demon Hawk, a creature that uses nightmares as its weapon!

“Roar???? ”

“Come on!”

Facing the formidable approach of the Nightmare Beast King, the Magma Beast King chose to advance rather than retreat, the look in its eyes suddenly sparking with excitement and ferocity.

A timely arrival!

It had long been at odds with the Nightmare Beast King.

So long, in fact, that the Magma Beast King had forgotten why they initially became enemies.

And it had been longing for a battle with the Nightmare Beast King for a while!

Golden-red rays of light exploded from the cracked dark-red scales of the Magma Beast King, like molten rock ready to spew forth, creating an astonishing wave of heat and a sky-covering firelight.

The surrounding temperature soared in an instant. With the Magma Beast King at the center, the area around it was immediately transformed into a forbidden zone of life.

The purple-black earth was evaporated dry of its last drop of moisture, cracks began to appear, and where the Magma Beast King’s claws set foot, the soil melted under the terrifying high heat, turning into molten lava that was surging turbulently.

Molten Lizard, a horrifying creature that feeds on molten rock!

The two King Stage Extraordinary Beings collided in a blink of an eye, the fire attribute power and super ability attribute power shattered in their fierce confrontation, wrapped in an energy storm, sweeping outwards with explosive roars.

At first, the surrounding creatures could barely make out the collision between the two. As the battle intensified, they could only vaguely glimpse the afterimages of this terrifying fight.

“Boom!!!”

Accompanied by a piercing roar, the city wall of Qingzhou, which had already been melted into a large hole, couldn’t withstand the aftershocks of the collision and finally collapsed.

Fortunately, He Nian and Gu Wu had already organized the evacuation, so there were no casualties.

“Screech? ”

Accompanied by an extremely domineering sound, countless fragments of nightmares in the void suddenly exploded and transformed into numerous sharp blades, brutally piercing the giant body of the Magma Beast King!

“Roar???? ”

Accompanied by the painful growl of the Magma Beast King, this evenly matched battle gradually began to tilt in the favor of the Nightmare Beast King.

Retreating quickly in yet another collision, the Magma Beast King looked at the Nightmare Beast King with disbelief in its eyes.

Why?

Why had this beast’s power suddenly increased so much?

Hadn’t the six of them, the great Beast Kings, already reached their respective limits, no longer being able to further progress?

Why was the Nightmare Beast King still able to become stronger?!

“Roar???? ”

“Impossible! How could I possibly be no match foryou?”

In response to the Magma Beast King’s angry roar was the Nightmare Beast King with a spear made of countless nightmare fragments, gathered in mid-air.

This spear pierced through the Magma Beast King but didn’t leave any wounds on the giant’s body. @@novelbin@@

The massive body of the Magma Beast King suddenly became rigid, and the next moment its terrifying eyes dulled, and the aura around it started to collapse uncontrollably.

“Boom!!!”

Accompanied by a rumble, the massive body of the Magma Beast King fell heavily to the ground.

The Molten Lizard was no more.

The Nightmare Beast King spread its wings and rose into the air, not even glancing at the Magma Beast King whose body was now nothing more than a corpse. Its gaze was filled with a touch of coldness and a threat as it stared distantly in the direction of the core zone of Beast Field.

After a moment, it withdrew its gaze, trembling its wings and turned into a streak of light, flying towards Qingzhou City.

Seeing this scene, the human Beast Masters, who had breathed a sigh of relief at the Magma Beast King’s demise and were even beginning to celebrate their survival, quickly had their expressions change.

Those who also showed changes in their facial expressions were Xu Ran and the Four Little Ones.

At this moment, the Nightmare Beast King was coming directly towards their location!

The ability of Star to camouflage was utterly useless in front of the Nightmare Beast King!

A feeling of trepidation surfaced in Xu Ran’s heart.

I eloped with its daughter; is it seeking revenge by trying to get me?

Considering this possibility, Xu Ran quietly opened the transmission map, pondering the likelihood of summoning the Three Little Ones to leave via transmission to Xieyun City before the Nightmare Beast King comes to kill him.

However, as it turned out, this possibility was zero.

Before he could make a move, the Nightmare Beast King had already appeared in front of Xu Ran, watching him quietly with its wings folded.

Despite not displaying the majesty typical of a King Stage creature, just thinking about how it had just killed the Magma Beast King made the Nightmare Beast King seem extremely oppressive at that moment.

Ziyun and Star both tensed up at the same time.

“Charming!” (“Come at me!”)

Cancan shouted and then jumped straight off the rooftop. As it did so, its body size expanded violently from its original pocket-size to a giant beast over seven hundred meters long.

Even standing on the ground, it could easily look down upon the Nightmare Beast King on the rooftop.

Xu Ran:

Ziyun:

Star:

Twelve:

Nightmare Beast King:

Shaking its head slightly, the Nightmare Beast King gently picked up Twelve with its claws, turned around, and left.