Chapter 386 - 237: The Nightmare Beast King’S Concession!

Chapter 386: Chapter 237: The Nightmare Beast King’s Concession!

“Sure…” (Just like that? It’s gone?)

Cancan retreats to a petite body size, slumpily shrinking its head and staring towards the horizon, where the Nightmare Beast King has been reduced to a small dot. There’s a look of melancholy in its eyes.

In the time they have spent together, it has come to like the new companion and was waiting for Xu Ran to break through to the Fourth Stage of contract power and successfully form a contract with Twelve, officially integrating it into the family.

Cancan was even beginning to look forward to the first time Twelve would participate in the allocation of resources. What reactions and performances would it have upon seeing those magical resources?

But now, Twelve was taken away by the Nightmare Beast King, and everything seemed to be in vain.

“Xi Lu-” (After all, the other party is Twelve’s father-)

Star signs a small sigh, shakes its head, and a touch of regret appears in its eyes.

At this moment, it thought of its own father, Chasing Wind.

It was his resolute decision to send Star to Xu Ran that led to Star’s current status.

Now, Twelve’s father has shown up, and he wants to take Twelve away from Xu Ran…

Thinking of this, Star couldn’t help feeling sorry for Twelve.

It couldn’t resist turning its head to look at Xu Ran, wanting to know what he was thinking at this moment.

“Meow-” (What a pity, without Xu Ran’s help, Twelve probably can’t evolve into a Sleeping Bird.)

Ziyun spread its paws, a look of regret on its face.

Even if the Nightmare Beast King could help Twelve gather those evolution resources, without fulfilling the evolution conditions of upgrading all talent skills to three stars, Twelve’s chances of successfully completing the difficult five-star evolution would be slim.

“Huff- ” Xu Ran breathed out a cloud of breath, hearing the sighs of the three little ones, looking at the Nightmare Beast King and his daughter who had disappeared in the distance, suddenly laughed, “Then let’s go get it back.” “Meow?” (What?)

“Xi Lu?” (Huh?)

“Sure?” (Are you going to bring Twelve back?)

“Of course.” Xu Ran composed himself, his face showing a touch of composure, “I’ve already invested in the King Species Evolution Route, so if I don’t make a contract with Twelve, won’t I be taking a big loss?”

“Moreover, the Nightmare Beast King did not attack us just now, he just took Twelve, which means there is still room to maneuver in this matter.” Thinking about the situation when the Nightmare Beast King descended just now, Xu Ran’s face showed more confidence, “Of course, not now.”

“Right now our strength is too weak to enter the core area of the Beast Field, so we need to enhance our power.” Xu Ran paused slightly, “Wait until you all reach the level of Unparalleled General Stage, then we’ll go.”

“By then, with all of us working together, evena King-level could be dealt with, I believe the Nightmare Beast King would reconsider.”

The three little ones looked at each other and then quickly had feelings of intense combat stirring in their eyes.

That’s right!

At this moment, their power is still a long way from the King Stage, but with Xu Ran’s contract power breaking through to the Fourth Stage, they can all successfully level up to the General Stage.

Based on their previous massive accumulation of resources at the King-level, once they break through to the General Stage, they should be able to quickly reach perfection at the General Stage.

All they need is to improve their skill proficiency, it wouldn’t take too long to reach the Unparalleled General Stage.

And once they reach that level…

With the strength of the team, even a King-level can be challenged!

“Meow!” (Let’s level up first, and then go back to pick him up!)

Ziyun, abandoning its previous pessimism, showed excitement in its eyes.

It remembered the feeling of sleeping with Twelve a few nights ago.

No one can take such a comfortable little fuzzball away from it!

Star and Cancan nodded in unison, at this moment they also ignited their confidence under Xu Ran’s encouragement.

The King level, is not that intimidating.

Let’s do this!

Seeing the grit and determination of the three little ones, Xu Ran nodded slightly, then looked in the direction where the Nightmare Beast King and Twelve disappeared.

Wait a little longer, we’U be there soon to pick you up!

“Chirp!” (Dad, I want to goback!)

Locked in the Nightmare Beast King’s sharp claws, which blocked every possible escape route, Twelve grumbled discontentedly after a series of futile struggles.

Hearing his little girl’s voice, the Nightmare Beast King had a helpless look in his eyes.

“Xi…” (Am I not sending you home now?)

Hearing the words of Nightmare Beast King, Twelve’s expression froze for a moment.

Yes, its home is in the core area of Beast Field No. 97, and the direction its dad is heading towards now is indeed there. So, its dad was not wrong, he was indeed sending it home.

But…

A look of bewilderment flashed in Twelve’s eyes.

When did it start regarding Qingzhou City, Starfire Foster Care Shop, and the place where Xu Ran lives as its other home?

Maybe… on the day it agreed to become his pet beast?

No, it should be even earlier.

When it checked into the Starfire Foster Care Shop and started spending every day with Xu Ran and the three pets…

As images of their times together flashed through its mind, a sense of reluctance was flooding Twelve’s eyes.

It didn’t want to leave there yet.

It was still waiting for Xu Ran’s contract power to break through to the Fourth Stage in a few days and contract with him… @@novelbin@@

Sensing his daughter’s emotions through his extraordinary perception, the Nightmare Beast King sighed deeply.

“Xi…” (I made a wrong decision. Initially, I should not have allowed you to stay in the city of humans.)

Thinking of his own incomplete evolution, the Nightmare Beast King’s expression darkened.

If he had become the Beast Emperor, the other Beast Kings would have had no choice but to bow down to him. Then it wouldn’t have mattered who his daughter made a contract with, as long as she was happy.