Chapter 384 - 235: The Identity Of Twelve Has Been Exposed! _2

Chapter 384: Chapter 235: The Identity of Twelve has been Exposed! _2

Unexpectedly, even after knowing his identity, Xu Ran was still willing to contract with him.

“Let’s go, we will go to the city gate to see.” Xu Ran touched Twelve’s head, “Hiding here is not a solution, Qingzhou City is so small that it is probably already surrounded by that guy with Transcendent Beings.”

Xu Ran and the three little ones could certainly leave through transportation, but Twelve could not follow. His breakthrough to the fourth stage of contract power still needed a few days, even if he now meditated incessantly at the last minute, he probably wouldn’t make it in time.

After all, a Beast King was approaching, and Qingzhou City only had two General Level Beast Masters, once the city could not be defended, its destruction would occur in an instant.

The only one who could influence the Beast King was… unexpectedly the father of Twelve, the Nightmare Beast King.

But…

Would that guy stand on the side of the Humans?

Holding Twelve in his arms, Xu Ran rode on Star, taking Ziyun and Cancan towards the city gate.

“By the way, do you know the Beast King who summoned the Beast Tide?” Xu Ran asked softly.

“Squeak-” (It is the Lava Beast King, the Beast King who has the worst relationship with father.)

“Ha?” A surprised look appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

When he heard that guy was looking for Twelve, he thought the Beast King and Twelve’s father had a good relationship, so he’s so righteous.

It seems that it’s not the case.

“Wait, in that case…” Xu Ran’s face suddenly turned a bit ugly, “Why does the Lava Beast King want to find you?”

Twelve shook its head.

It was also unclear.

But one thing was certain, once it fell into the hands of the Lava Beast King, it would definitely not end well.

“It seems like the Beast Field is also quite chaotic.” Xu Ran muttered, then shouted, “Star, open the hiding effect of Moon Concealment Star Racing fully, find a position where you can see the situation at the city gate clearly, but don’t get too close!”

“Xi Lu Lu-”

Star roared, quickly understanding Xu Ran’s meaning.

Dark flowing light flickered around him, quickly enclosing one human and four beasts, as if it had entered a different dimension, the shape and breath of the humanoid and the four beasts almost imperceptible in the blink of an eye.

After looking in all directions, Star changed direction and quickly charged vertically along the wall of a high building, eventually stepping onto the top of the building in one step.

At this moment, the people inside the building had already been scared by the sudden noise and shaking and scattered away, with no one paying attention to the building, it became an excellent observation position.

Standing at the top of the building, hiding themselves with the effect of Moon Concealment Star Racing, Xu Ran and the Four Little ones finally saw the situation at the city gate.

The sturdy city gate, more than two hundred meters high and nearly twenty meters thick, now had a shocking large hole in it. The hole was about 40 to 50 meters in diameter, and the sturdy material of the city gate at the edge was still not completely solidified, continuously emitting smoke. @@novelbin@@

In the smoke and dust, a terrifying giant beast covered in dark red scales appeared elusive. Through the hole, only part of its body could be seen, but just this part was already shocking.

The Majesty unique to the King-level, emerged from its surroundings, forming invisible ripples, as if to conquer all that didn’t submit.

At its side and behind it, countless Transcendent Beings knelt on the ground under this strong Majesty, their eyes showing craziness and worship.

In front of it, this Majesty almost became a solid substance, crushing towards the Human Beast Masters and countless Pet Beasts in the city.

Fortunately, this Majesty was not fully effective.

Eight General Stage Pet Beasts stood in front of everyone, striving to radiate their King’s Power, jointly resisting the terrible Majesty from the other party.

Seeing this scene, Xu Ran was slightly moved.

He was very familiar with each of these eight General Stage Pet Beasts.

He had washed and trained with four of them many times, and had just finished washing the other four.

These are all the Pet Beasts of Gu Wu and He Nian.

At this moment, they were doing their best to barely resist the King Level Majesty.

Among the countless Transcendent Beings kneeling at the side of the Lava Beast King, the few closest to it also emanated the Majesty of the General Stage.

If they also participated in this confrontation, the outcome would be obvious.

At this moment, Xu Ran understood why He Nian had said those words.

The King Level was simply too strong.

Under the command of such a Transcendent Being, the scale of the Beast Tide would surge linearly, enough to destroy a 3 Level City.

As Xu Ran was thinking, the Magma Beast King, locked in a standoff, seemed to become impatient and let out a roar again.

“Roar???? ”

The terrifying sound wave, wrapped with majesty, whipped up a storm of energy and swept in all directions, while the meaning embedded in the Magma Beast King’s roar once again emerged in everyone’s minds.

“Humans, my patience is limited. Hand over the Nightmare Beast King’s daughter, or else Qingzhou City will be no more!”

As his words fell, there was deathly silence.

He Nian, who was riding on his pet beast, sighed inwardly and then spoke firmly, “Honorable Magma Beast King, I’m the city lord of Qingzhou City, may I say something?”

In the midst of smoke and dust, the Magma Beast King’s eyes turned towards He Nian.

Meeting those huge eyes, fierce and slightly mad, He Nian faltered, but thinking about the countless humans behind him in Qingzhou City, he made every effort to maintain calm and composure.

“We have never heard of the Nightmare Beast King’s daughter and don’t know anything about her.”

“But since the honorable Magma Beast King mentioned this… I assume there must be one.” He Nian paused for a moment, and upon seeing a hint of reconciliation in the other party’s eyes, he heaved a sigh of relief.

If he had dared imply that this was a misunderstanding just now, he probably would have lost his life by now.

“So, it would be better if the Honorable Magma Beast King could give us some time to help you search in the city, what do you think?” He Nian slowly went on, his eyes shining slightly.

In the 97th Beast Field, there are many 3rd level towns, but there is only one such town with a King Level Beast Master.

That city is called Changshi City.

A King Level Beast Master can have five King Stage pet beasts.

The existence of Changshi City can limit the power of the six Beast Kings.

Although they are more in numbers, they are not a united front. In comparison, the five King Stage pet beasts of a single Beast Master can work together and have stronger combat power.

Under normal circumstances, the six Kings would not easily act and break this balance.

Now that the Magma Beast King had acted, there should be some reaction from Changshi City.

Apart from this, he had other arrangements as well, also yet to be completed.

Therefore, he needed to buy as much time as he could to seek a chance for survival.

As for the Magma Beast King’s demand previously for handing over the Nightmare Beast King’s daughter in exchange for sparing the city, He Nian didn’t even consider it.

He had a deeper understanding of the relationships between the six Kings than anyone else.

The Magma Beast King in front of him could arguably be considered the enemy of the Nightmare Beast King. Handing over the Nightmare Beast King’s daughter to it would be a sure death.

Not to mention whether the Magma Beast King would keep its promise, even if it truly did, Qingzhou City wouldn’t be able to withstand the Nightmare Beast King seeking revenge in future.

Sighing inwardly, He Nian turned his gaze to the Magma Beast King: “How do you see it, sir?”

The Magma Beast King remained silent for a while.

It probably could guess that the human in front of it intended to stall for time, wanting to wait for the detestable human from Changshi City to arrive.

And it was also waiting for the Nightmare Beast King’s response.

The Nightmare Beast King was cunning, and it had to probe out his possible tricks this time.

“Roar???? ”

“If not found in ten minutes, the city will be slaughtered!”

After issuing another roar, the Magma Beast King’s menacing air lessened slightly.

Ten minutes…

A glint flickered in He Nian’s eyes.

Such a short time, President Zhao of Changshi City probably wouldn’t be able to make it here.

But his other arrangement…

There was just enough time.

“Fine! Honorable Magma Beast King, please wait. I will send someone to start the search right away!”

Without any hesitation, He Nian agreed immediately. He turned his head and gave Gu Wu, who was standing silently next to him, a glance.

Soon, an intense search began within Qingzhou City.