Chapter 389 - 239 Three New Shop Assistants! 1

Chapter 389: Chapter 239 Three New Shop Assistants! 1

The rearrangement in the Leadership Level Beast Master Overall Power Ranking was just the beginning.

As Fang Yuling had expected, Xu Ran, who had not appeared within the domain of Xieyun City for nine days, stirred up the Beast Master Ranking again with his continuous surges forward.

The Beast Master Pet Beast Team Power List, Pet Beast Combat Power List, Pet Beast Velocity Chart, Pet Beast Defense List…

Each time Xu Ran and his three pet beasts passed a test area, the ranking of a list would change.

When they finished the last leaderboard sprint for the leadership level, a series of urgent bells sound echoed endlessly within the Beast Master Ranking.

In the consecutive bell sounds, all the leaderboards within the Beast Master Ranking burst into sky-high glows, and pillars of light rose to the sky, rendering the dark night as bright as day.

This peculiar sight was the first time both Xu Ran and the three little ones had seen. During the previous weekly settlements, they had returned to the Foster Shop.

Yes, the weekly settlement had arrived!

As the light pillar dimmed and the rankings above turned grey, representing temporary stability, a variety of message prompt sounds could be heard from the countless Beast Masters in the area, including Xu Ran.

A moment later, Xu Ran raised his gaze from his cellphone and saw the eager and expectant expressions on the three little ones, his smile instantly deepened, “Not bad, the total points from this week’s settlement exceeded ninety thousand.”

” Last week’s settlement was delayed to this week as we were not in Xieyun City,” Xu Ran’s voice paused slightly, “We got more than eighty thousand points last week as well. Adding the two weeks together, we’ve gathered a lot of Beast Master Points.”

“Charming!” (Keep up the good work!)

Hearing Xu Ran’s words, Cancan’s eyes instantly filled with excitement.

Tonight’s surge saw it taking the current no.l spot on the Defense List.

And this was just the beginning!

To get Twelve back from the Beast Field, Can Aotian would still need to keep striving!

“Xi Lu~ ” (Looks like the next batch of resources is secured.)

Star uttered a whinny, his eyes lit up with excitement.

The resources of King-level that they redeemed ten days ago, the three little ones had already absorbed the majority of their power, and some of the abilities of the resources had been mastered.

To continue to get stronger, resources could not be interrupted.

It was time for Prevention Before Disaster, preparing for the next resource exchange!

“Meow-” (Let’s go, we should gobacknow.)

Only Ziyun carelessly let out a yawn, showing a bit of fatigue in his eyes. An entire night of ranking surges made it just want to go back to its room on the second floor of the Foster Shop now, and have a good sleep.

“Let’s go back.” Xu Ran smiled and nodded, leading the three little ones to turn around and leave.

“Boss Xu, wait a minute!” a voice came from the crowd, “Will those three clerks be working at the Starfire Foster Care Shop tomorrow?”

With the voice of inquiry, the crowd that had been discussing non-stop due to the settlement suddenly fell into an eerie silence. Everyone’s gaze was fixed on Xu Ran, full of anticipation.

“No, they have been transferred to other places.” Xu Ran shook his head. Not waiting for people to rejoice, he suddenly changed his tone, “But if you would like…”

“No, no, no! We don’t want to!”

“Right!Wedon’twanttoatall!”

“Let them stay away, we have Boss Xu, that’s enough!”

Before Xu Ran could finish his sentence, there was a sudden uproar around him.

Seeing so, it was clear that the trauma Teacher Tony left them was quite extensive.

But…

If nothing unexpected happens, these lovely customers will be disappointed tomorrow.

With this thought in mind, a strange look flashed in Xu Ran’s eyes. @@novelbin@@

He said that Teacher Tony and the others had been transferred elsewhere, but he didn’t say that he would be the one operating the shop tomorrow.

With a thought, a line of text appeared before Xu Ran’s eyes.

Main Task 3: Out with the old, in with the new

Task Description: Please host to open a branch in a Second Level Town and reach 70% local fame (69.6/70).

Reward: System Clerk x3, System Upgrade Experience +400

After a night’s meditation, he would see three new clerks tomorrow morning.

Just in time, he had saved up quite a lot of resources during this period, enough to directly promote a System Store Manager… it’s just that the three little ones would have to put up with it.

Xu Ran waved to the crowd behind him with a cheery smile, jumped on Star’s back, and quickly disappeared from everyone’s sight with Cancan and Ziyun.

“See you all tomorrow then.”

“Bye, Boss Xu!”

“See you tomorrow, Boss Xu!”

Watching Xu Ran’s departing figure, the customers who had been tormented by Teacher Tony looked forward with great anticipation.

Finally!

Were they finally about to enjoy Boss Xu’s service?

There was no conversation overnight.

Early the next day, Xu Ran opened his eyes slowly, awakening from his meditation.

The lines of Main Task 3 appeared before his eyes again, but they were completely different from last night.

Main Task 3: Out with the old, in with the new (Completed)

Task Description: Please host to open a branch in a Second Level Town and reach 70% local fame.

Reward: System Clerk x3, System Upgrade Experience +400

[Collect Reward]

Seeing the last four words, Xu Ran, who was already spirited from a night of meditation, instantly became even more energized.

Awakened by his movement, the three little ones quickly awoke from their sleep and glanced at Xu Ran.