Chapter 383 - 235: The Identity Of Twelve Has Been Exposed! _1

Chapter 383: Chapter 235: The Identity of Twelve has been Exposed! _1

He Nian’s figure had already disappeared outside the Starfire Foster Care Shop for a while now, yet Xu Ran still stood at the doorway, in a daze.

The words that He Nian left behind as he left were still echoing in Xu Ran’s mind.

The Nightmare Beast King’s species is the Demon Hawk…

The Demon Hawk’s prior species before evolution is the Velvet Sparrow…

And Twelve has the evolution path for evolution from Velvet Sparrow to Demon Hawk.

He had already decided not to probe into the secrets Twelve was hiding and would know naturally when Twelve was willing to tell him. However, Twelve’s secret is suddenly displayed before him at this moment.

Twelve must have countless connections with the Nightmare Beast King.

And in the roar just outside the city by the Lava Beast King, it mentioned handing over the daughter of the Nightmare Beast King.

So…

Is Twelve the daughter of a Beast King in the Beast Field?

Thinking of this possibility, a hint of absurdity inevitably emerged in Xu Ran’s heart.

Even now, his three Pet Beasts have all evolved into King Species, yet he is still very far from the King Stage.

Therefore, when Gu Wu mentioned the Beast Kings and Beasts in the Beast Field, Xu Ran always felt that these were terrifying existences which he temporarily could not reach, and he simply listened to them as a kind of gossip.

He never expected that he was so close to a Beast King and almost contracted with a Beast King’s daughter.

“Meow?” (What happened?)

The three little ones who also heard the commotion came to Xu Ran’s side from the training area. Seeing Xu Ran in a daze, Ziyun couldn’t help but ask.

Seeing that Xu Ran didn’t answer, it turned its gaze to Twelve who had arrived here earlier than them.

If it were in normal times, Twelve would probably squeak and tell the three little ones what happened right away.

However, this one time, it just awkwardly turned its head to one side.

In Twelve’s mind at this moment, it was filled with the thought- Exposed…

Exposed!!!

The smart creature had sensed the danger when it heard the old man mentioning its dad’s race.

After all, just yesterday, it had just revealed that it holds the evolution path from Velvet Sparrow to Demon Hawk.

To add to that was the Lava Beast King’s roar.

Without a doubt, Xu Ran has figured everything out.

Thinking of this, a trace of fear unavoidably appeared in Twelve’s eyes as it felt like its dream was about to shatter.

Knowing that it is the daughter of the Beast King, would Xu Ran still be willing to contract withit?

Probably not…

It had just begun to get familiar with the three little ones, yet now it must become strangers again?

Thinking of how it was gradually getting familiar with Ziyun’s embrace every night, the thought of those two Beak Grinding Stones prepared for it in the bathroom every morning and the memories of all those day-to-day exchanges at the Starfire Foster Care Shop, its eyes filled with sadness.

Feeling the low spirits of Twelve, the three little ones looked at each other, at a loss for what to do.

“Boom!!!”

Once again, a terrifying roar resonating throughout Qingzhou City, shook the earth. Even more, a hot surge from the direction of the city gate rushed in, quickly raising the temperature in Qingzhou City.

Closer, much closer!

The residual power from the Lava Beast King was affecting the city, indicating that it had reached the city gate of Qingzhou City.

The downfall of Qingzhou City could take place at any time!

Listening to the resonating roar in his ears and feeling the tremors of the earth beneath his feet, Xu Ran’s gaze quickly regained its focus.

As he came back to his senses, his first move was to look at Twelve.

All the many mysteries from the past were solved in his heart at this moment.

Twelve was not a pet beast abandoned outside the city. It originally belonged to the city outskirts, to the Beast Field.

Knowing the secrets behind the evolution and all was because it is the daughter of a Beast King.

Its curiosity about human cities since it had never entered one before.

Wild Super Creatures are humans’ mortal enemies.

Xu Ran had a clear understanding of this viewpoint from the first day he arrived in this world.

But, is the hatred between the two really irreconcilable? @@novelbin@@

Xu Ran couldn’t help but think of the past month when Twelve was in Qingzhou City.

It didn’t harm any life, whether human or pet beast.

It showed childlike greed for delicious food and curiosity for worlds it has never seen before.

It interacted genially with other creatures. Although occasionally it would play tricks using its ability, it did not have malicious intentions.

There were so many other images flashing through Xu Ran’s mind.

In the end, these images disappeared, and standing before him with its head down was Twelve.

Is this little guy also scared?

Seeing Twelve’s behavior at this moment, Xu Ran felt a twinge of sympathy in his heart, and once again gently stroked its head like before.

The tremors in Twelve stopped.

After a moment of hesitation, it slowly lifted its head and looked at Xu Ran with its big sea-blue eyes.

At this moment, those sea-blue eyes were really like hidden gems in the ocean, covered with a layer of mist.

“Don’t be afraid,” Xu Ran spoke softly, “No matter your identity, since we have agreed to contract, you are my pet beast.”

“Squeak?” (Really?)

Disbelief and surprise instantly erupted in Twelve’s eyes.

The earlier self-doubt made it believe that Xu Ran would abandon it.