Chapter 392 - 241: Mad Scientist Liu Yu_L

Chapter 392: Chapter 241: Mad Scientist Liu Yu_l

“The person you are looking for has arrived.”

Watching the unkempt middle-aged man striding toward them, Fang Yuling looked at Xu Ran, then quietly took two steps back.

The next moment, Liu Yu eagerly grasped Xu Ran’s hand, his gaze uncontrollably focused on the three little ones behind Xu Ran. “You’re the one looking for me, aren’t you? Nice to meet you.”

“Um…hello.” The man’s enthusiasm left Xu Ran somewhat at a loss. “You must be Senior Liu Yu, right?”

“That’s me.” Liu Yu nodded. “What brings you here?”

“Oh, it’s like this.” Xu Ran took out the letter entrusted to him by Zhang Yun and handed it to Liu Yu. “This is a letter from a man named Zhang Yun in Qingzhou City asking me to deliver. He said you two had some interactions before.”

“Qingzhou City… Zhang Yun…” Liu Yu accepted the letter and tucked it into his jacket, then grabbed Xu Ran’s hand. “All that doesn’t really matter. You’re not busy, right, young man? Since you’re already here, why don’t we hang out in the Transcendent Evolution Department?”

“…Sure.” Xu Ran glanced at Fang Yuling beside him. She was hiding a smirk, seemingly amused by all this. Then, seeing Liu Yu’s continuous attention toward the three little ones, he belatedly realized that Liu probably had some plans regarding his pet beasts.

“Come on, this way please.” Liu Yu chuckled and guided Xu Ran into the elevator. “The Transcendent Evolution Department has twenty-one floors. Let me take you on a tour.”

Feeling the intense grasp on his arm, Xu Ran suddenly had the feeling of boarding a pirate ship.

He looked at Fang Yuling for help, only to see her silently following them into the elevator.

“The twenty-one floors of the Transcendent Evolution Department are divided according to the attributes of the pet beasts, with ten different attributes occupying two floors each,” Liu Yu began to explain in the elevator.

“One floor studies the evolution of the Leader Species, and the other studies the evolution of the King Species.”

“And what about the extra floor?” Intrigued by the topic initiated by Liu Yu, Xu Ran, who was attentively listening and putting aside other issues for the moment, quickly identified a gap in the explanation.

“Could you please tell me what the species of your pet beast was before and after its evolution?” Instead of answering Xu’s question, Liu Yu grinned and pointed at Ziyun.

“Flash Thunder Cat. It was an Electric Chasing Cat before evolution.”

Liu Yu’s eyes lit up.

Could it be that he has never seen both the beginning Leader Species and the evolved King Species before?

In an instant, Xu Ran ignited all of Liu Yu’s curiosity.

“The extra floor of the Transcendent Evolution Department is dedicated to studying how Emperor Species evolve into Holy Spirit Race. Because there are too few samples, it has not been divided by attribute and has its own floor.” After providing the answer to the previous question, Liu Yu swiftly changed the topic.

“This Flash Thunder Cat should be a dual-attributed pet beast of thunder and fighting, right? How did you manage to evolve a dual-attributed pet beast successfully?”

A small twitch flickered at the corner of Xu Ran’s mouth.

He saw the method of this research expert in front of him.

One question for one answer?

Fang Yuling, who hadn’t spoken and silently stood in a corner of the elevator, now had a more pronounced smile on her face.

Her mood seemed livelier here in the Transcendent Evolution Department than it had been at the Beast Trainer Ranking.

“You misunderstood.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly. “Ziyun’s fighting attribute only developed after evolution. Before that, it had a thunder attribute.”

“So that’s how it is…” Liu Yu nodded slowly and then froze. He looked at Xu Ran as if he had seen a ghost. “What did you just say?!”

Just as the elevator stopped, the researchers outside, who were each busy with their tasks, heard Liu Yu’s outburst and turned their attention toward them.

Xu Ran twitched his mouth slightly and casually said, “Senior, this was your second question.”

Liu Yu fell silent for a moment before murmuring, “Young man, you’re quite something.”

“This is the Water Attribute Leader Species Evolution Study Area.” Taking a deep breath and forcibly suppressing his overwhelming curiosity, Liu Yu led Xu Ran out of the elevator. “Common Water Attribute Pet Beasts of Xieyun City can all be found here.”

As Xu Ran listened to Liu Yu’s introduction, he started to examine the surroundings.

The Transcendent Evolution Department, while not having many floors, had expansive area coverage for each floor and notable ceiling heights. Supported by top-level environmental simulation equipment, the environment here was just a little less perfect than his home training area.

At this moment, Xu Ran and the others were on an island in a pond. Many busy researchers resided on the island. Some stood on the boundary between the island and the water, interacting with pet beasts that popped their heads out of the water. Others were busily recording something. @@novelbin@@

From the many diverse Transcendent Beings visible in the clear pond, it was evident that Liu Yu’s words were truthful.

While Xu Ran was observing the surroundings, Liu Yu was also observing Xu Ran.

The environment inside the Transcendent Evolution Department was simulated using the highest level of technology available in Xieyun City, making it nearly indistinguishable from the real environment.

This young man was probably seeing it for the first time, wasn’t he?

Come on! Ask me anything you want!

Liu Yu subtly squared his shoulders, ready for Xu Ran’s questions.

However, after quite some time, Xu Ran hadn’t asked anything. He was just looking at Liu, indicating him to continue.

This young man sure knew how to stay composed.

“Little Zhang, there’s an evolution experiment scheduled soon, right?” Liu Yu muttered under his breath, then turned to a younger researcher.