Chapter 396 - 243: Holy Spirit Life Wheel!_L

Chapter 396: Chapter 243: Holy Spirit Life Wheel!_l

“Come on, this is the place.”

As the elevator came to a stop, Xu Ran followed closely behind Liu Yu’s; both of them appearing in an exceptionally spacious hall.

Compared to the previous twenty floors, this place seemed overly simple.

After all, the previous floors not only used high-level environmental mimicry technology, but each floor also employed the technology of space expansion. While this twenty-first-floor hall, where no technology was used, strictly speaking, the size of this hall was the actual size of one floor of the Transcendent Evolution Department.

In the center of the hall stood a column, the top of the column tilted, sporting a high-tech display screen.

Walking straight to the front of the screen, Liu Yu deftly carried out an unlock process.

Next, the hall suddenly darkened, and the surroundings instantly changed as if projecting a hologram, a massive pet beast suddenly appeared beside them.

Furthermore, Xu Ran could perceive a trace of terrifying aura from it.

That was… a powerful aura that surpassed the king stage!

Combining his previous analysis with his current perception, Xu Ran easily inferred that the pet beast in front of him had reached the overlord stage.

This is also the most ideal stage for the Emperor species to evolve into the Holy Spirit species.

In the scene, there was also a vague human figure whose face and physique could not be discerned clearly. From the interaction between the figure and the overlord stage pet beast, it was clear that he was the beast master of the overlord stage pet beast.

The beast master and pet beast were having a conversation before the overlord stage pet beast began rapidly consuming various resources.

Xu Ran widened his eyes, trying hard to make out what those resources were, but unfortunately, that seemed deliberately blurred in the projection.

After a moment, the overlord stage pet beast emitted a painful roar.

Its aura naturally radiated under the influence of chaotic power, and even the slight record of it forced Xu Ran and the three little ones to retreat continuously. It was hard to imagine what the scene would be like if they were standing beside it at this moment.

The energy, encompassing all around, morphed into the unique territory of the overlord stage pet beast. At the top of that domain, the rising momentum pierced the void like a sharp sword, leaving a super-large energy ring pulsating with a terrifying majesty.

The Imperial Crown, reappeared!

Under the shocked gaze of Xu Ran and the three little ones, the Imperial Crown that had left an incredibly deep impression on them seemed to be collapsing at this moment. In the painful howl of the overlord stage pet beast, the power contained within the Imperial Crown kept crumbling.

Ultimately, the Imperial Crown atop the overlord stage pet beast completely shattered, and its existence became incredibly faint.

But in this faintness, there seemed to be a heart-throbbing power emerging!

As time passed, that overlord stage pet beast seemed to revitalize from decay, and its momentum suddenly began to climb. Its form began to change under the dazzling light of evolution, and finally, much to Xu Ran’s astonishment, it became incredibly vague.

Simultaneously, the terrifying aura they could initially sense now became unperceivable.

What appeared in their vision was only an incredibly vague and grand figure, and a mysterious purple-golden light wheel, with all kinds of intricate patterns that extended infinitely, slowly interweaving behind that figure!

“What is… that?”

In his shock, Xu Ran momentarily forgot his decision not to ask any questions and couldn’t help himself.

“Five-star skill, Holy Spirit Lifewheel.” Liu Yu gave a slight chuckle and glanced at Xu Ran.

Even after watching the footage countless times, he would still be amazed by this scene, let alone this young boy.

It seems that he managed to get him to ask a question. Now, he can also get the answer to his confusion.

“Just like the three-star skill King’s Power and four-star skill Imperial Crown, the five-star skill Holy Spirit Lifewheel is a skill naturally developed by the Holy Spirit species.”

Liu Yu paused for a moment, “What you see now is the first Holy Spirit of the Shining Holy Kingdom, and he’s also the only recorded Holy Spirit, whose evolution record is allowed to be viewed.”

“In this record, you can’t see what it looks like after evolution, because the Holy Spirit species has an unobservable characteristic. As long as you see its image, think about its image in your mind, it will be sensed by it.”

“The Holy Spirit Lifewheel is the external representation of the power of the Holy Spirit, and it’s the only feature of the Holy Spirit that can be recorded.” “Regarding the Holy Spirit species, I can only tell you two things.” Liu Yu paused briefly.

“First, the evolution method of each Holy Spirit species is completely different.”

“Second, the power attribute of each Holy Spirit species is entirely different.”

“The Holy Spirit species possess uniqueness. Therefore, the evolution from the Emperor species to the Holy Spirit species is incredibly difficult.”

“Thank you for your explanation, Senior Liu.” Xu Ran took a deep breath, suppressing the shock in his heart.

Unobservable, unique…

No wonder the Holy Spirit species is so mysterious.

But…

Xu Ran turned around and exchanged a glance with the three little ones behind him. Each of them could see the frenzy and longing in each other’s eyes.

Such existence is truly alluring!

The footage slowly faded at that moment, and the hall returned to its initial state.

However, the posture of that Holy Spirit had already been firmly imprinted in the hearts of the master and his three pets.

“This is all you can see on this floor.” Liu Yu manipulated the screen for a bit, then turned to look at Xu Ran, “Let’s go, it’s time for us to move downstairs.” “Alright.” Xu Ran nodded subconsciously and followed Liu Yu into the elevator before suddenly realizing a problem, “Can I view such precious information, along with the previous stuff, anytime I want?”

“Of course not.” Fang Yuling suddenly laughed out loud from one side.

It was apparent that she had been holding back her laughter while watching the tug-of-war between an old and a young man all the way.

“You should check your Beast Master Points balance.” Fang Yuling said with a smile.

“Huh?” Sensing something was off, Xu Ran quickly pulled out his cellphone and opened the official website of the Beast Master Association.

Seeing the balance of his Beast Master Points account, his expression turned stupefied.

Two hundred thousand…

A whole two hundred thousand less!

He immediately checked his Points consumption records. The most recent one notably read: “View Holy Spirit Race evolution record, Points used 150000.” Above this record of spending, there was another one.

“Visit Transcendent Evolution Department, Points used 50000.”

“The visit fee is incurred by any Beast Masters who gain entrance to the first floor of the Transcendent Evolution Department, who are not members.” Fang Yuling chuckled, “As for viewing the Holy Spirit Race evolution record, even members of the Transcendent Evolution Department must spend one hundred fifty thousand Points.”

“However, the good news is, repeated viewing only costs fifty thousand Points.” Fang Yuling paused, “So, you are welcome to visit again.”

Xu Ran: “…”

Visit again? That’s never gonna happen!

Not a long time had passed, and he had just used up four to five king-level resources!

“Ding???? ” @@novelbin@@

A crisp electronic sound echoed in the elevator, while at the same time, the descending elevator came to a halt.

“Alright, it’s my turn to ask you a question.” Liu Yu grinned, feeling elated, “How did your pet beast gain a second attribute during evolution?”

Hearing this, Xu Ran fell silent for a moment.

He had long prepared for such questions, knowing that it was impossible to hide everything completely.

Inevitably, it couldn’t be avoided.

Under the guidance of Liu Yu, he had visited the first twenty floors of the Transcendent Evolution Department, witnessed many evolution experiments, and saw researchers celebrating due to a less than ten percent evolution success rate.

Aside from feeling overjoyed at learning more about evolution, he also deeply appreciated the difficulty and hardship involved in evolution research.

Gazing at Liu Yu who looked at him with a thirst for knowledge, Xu Ran heaved a sigh.

Let it be, if he could help, he would.

“Because my pet beast, prior to evolution, elevated all its talent skills to three stars, greatly increasing its evolution difficulty. One of the resources it used was a Harmony Stone. Apart from that…” Xu Ran’s words trailed off.

“My pet beast conducted the proper evolution ritual during the process of evolution.”

“This…” Liu Yu took a deep breath, his eyes widening in disbelief.

After a moment, he exerted a look of extreme determination, “Ask whatever you want to know! Even if you were to ask what color underwear Chairman Fang wore today, I, Old Liu, would stake my own life to find out for you!” How to advance their talent skills to three stars ahead of schedule?

What is the evolution ritual?

At this moment, he had so many questions he wanted to ask.

“Senior Liu!” Fang Yuling blushed slightly at Liu Yu’s outrageous storytelling involving her father, unable to help rolling her eyes. However, she also couldn’t help but glance at Xu Ran with surprise.

It turned out that this was how Xu Ran’s pet beast evolved.

“The so-called evolution ritual is actually an upgraded version of the evolution shortcut you discovered before. Through the proper evolution ritual, pet beasts can be aided to the greatest extent in their evolution into a specific form.”

Xu Ran paused briefly, “The methods vary for different types of evolution, hence it requires individual exploration.”

He certainly couldn’ t reveal how he elevated skills to three stars.

Because the method he used was skill fusion.

As for whether under normal circumstances there is any other way for pet beasts to achieve this, he didn’t know since he had never heard of such a thing.

So, he could only reveal what he could reveal.

Noticing Liu Yu and Fang Yuling’s thoughtful expressions, Xu Ran knew that he couldn’t keep answering their questions like this.

A little hint was enough.

“I have things to attend to at the shop, so I’ll leave first!” Waving to the two of them, Xu Ran mounted his horse and set off with his three little ones.

“Evolution ritual…”

Liu Yu didn’t come back to his senses until Xu Ran had already disappeared, “So that’s what the evolutionary signs are for.”

“We’ve been so close to the answer, but yet we’ve been unable to make a breakthrough!”

“Huh! Boss Xu, then you…” Liu Yu suddenly looked up towards where Xu Ran had departed, a puzzled look crossing his face, “Where did he go?”

“He left.” Fang Yuling shook her head slightly.

“Oh my!” Liu Yu stomped regretfully, “Next time he comes, I will definitely prepare something more shocking for him!”

“That kid’s got some secrets, we need to dig more out!”