Chapter 391 - 240 Transcendent Evolution

Chapter 391: Chapter 240 Transcendent Evolution

Department! __1

In the end, Xu Ran decided to appoint the Fishing Old Man as the shop manager.

Although the Fishing Old Man had been enjoying his days, he had indeed touched on Xu Ran’s worries.

Aside from his regular duties, the System Store Manager also handles client reception, so he must not only be articulate but also not discourage clients.

One of the reasons why Teacher Tony became a manager, aside from being the most senior, was the fact that his two partners didn’t know how to talk…

Fortunately, relying on his extremely charismatic personal style, Teacher Tony successfully made customers feel a burning sensation in their eyes with a look, yet they couldn’t help but miss him when they looked away. Not only did he not turn away customers, but his wild man effect also attracted new ones.

Now, Xu Ran needs to choose another store manager.

Though the Black Clothed Man and the Green-skinned Frog were more experienced, it was too difficult to assume the heavy responsibility of being a manager without knowing how to speak, so they could only be compensated in other ways.

Among the current three clerks, the Fishing Old Man is the most normal.

Er… relatively speaking.

So choosing him as the store manager is the most ideal approach.

With the envious glances of the three little ones, one hundred thousand pleasure points, ten thousand physical points, ten thousand skill points, and one thousand skill fragments were invested in the Fishing Old Man.

Xu Ran’s second system shop manager was born.

“Today, I leave the operation of Starfire Fosterage in Xieyun City to the three of you.” Looking at the three standing before him, Xu Ran spoke slowly.

During his nine-day stay in Qjngzhou City, Xu Ran had already decided his next stop after acquiring three new system clerks.

That’s Monster Wooden City that had invited him to open a store. @@novelbin@@

Since he knew the true identity of Twelve, witnessed the crisis in Qjngzhou city, and heard President He Nian’s words, he became more certain about this idea.

According to Xu Qing, who had invited him, Monster Wooden City is the only human city in Beast Zone No.47 under the protection of transcendent beings at the Emperor stage.

Intuition tells Xu Ran that he could see some different things there.

Of course, Xu Ran couldn’t leave immediately.

He would stay in Xieyun city for a few more days to make sure the three new clerks could maintain the operation of the shop while also doing some things he hasn’t done before.

For instance, helping Zhangu Yun deliver a letter to the Transcendent Evolution Department.

Taking out the letter from Zhang Yun that was given to him earlier from the drawer of the counter, Xu Ran took it into his breast pocket, waved at the system clerks, and left the shop.

“The boss has left.” The Fishing Old Man stretched, “I’m going to feed the residents. You guys get familiar with the environment and prepare to receive customers.”

“You guys don’t want the…boss to let other clerks take your jobs, do you?”

“The manager is right!” Meow Meow adorably extended a fist forward, swinging it vigorously a few times.

Her thin and fair arm exposed a trace of baby fat on her cheeks, which was slightly rosy, made people want to take a bite. The occasional swaying cat ears and constantly wagging tail along with her maid outfit that completely wrapped her petite and slender figure made people want to hug her.

However, all of this needs to be under the condition of not hearing her voice.

“Keep it up.” The Fishing Old Man held back the twitching of his lips, patted Meow Meow’s shoulder, and then went through the back door of the store with Murong.

Shortly after, the two separated, with Murong heading straight to the training area, and the Fishing Old Man created a pond in the foster area.

With the fishing rod in hand, he cast a harsh line and looked at the splashing water from the fishing float in the distance. A contented expression appeared on his face. Taking out a massive horn out of nowhere, he yelled after turning it on.

“Dinner’s ready!”

The sound echoed throughout the foster area, and soon the residents who heard the noise showed their forms, looked around curiously, and finally gathered around the Fishing Old Man according to the direction of the sound.

“Don’t rush, there’s enough for everyone.”

The Fisherman glanced at the violently trembling fishing float, then pulled hard, strangely fishing out a food bowl full of food from the pond, and handed it to the pet beast closest to him.

Then, the second one, the third one.

Looking at the constant fishing for food from the pond, the foster beast stared in disbelief.

One of them seemed to be extremely hungry, and it jumped directly into the pond during the Fishing Old Man’s intervals of distributing food to other beasts, wanting to feast first.

“Hey–” The Fishing Old Man laughed, cast another hook, and directly fished this wet pet beast out of the pond, holding it up, “You don’t want to…become food for other beasts, do you?”

Throwing the shivering foster beast aside, the Fishing Old Man continued to fish for food for the residents from the pond.

This time, everyone became well-behaved, spontaneously lined up, waiting for their food to be delivered to their hands.

After waiting patiently for all the pet beasts to finish eating, the Fishing Old Man threw the food bowl into the pond and stomped his foot. The pond quietly disappeared, leaving only him leisurely carrying the fishing rod through the underground passage back to the first level of the shop.

“It’s time to open.” The Fisherman looked at the time on the wall and slowly pushed the shop door open.

Outside the shop door, the staff who had heard of Boss Xu’s return lined up early, with the one at the front rushing in as soon as the shop door opened, his face full of excitement.

“Boss Xu! You don’t know how much I want you to give me… Who are you?”

“Welcome, I am the manager of the Starfire Foster Shop, the angler.” The angler greeted with a smile, “What kind of service do you need?”

The smile on the customer’s face gradually faded.

What happened to the promise that Boss Xu would be running the store?!

“If it is not Boss Xu, then I will take my leave.” Disappointingly, the customer was about to leave but was stopped by the angler.

“Dear customer…” The angler began in a slightly deep voice, “Wouldn’t you prefer that the fact Boss Xu washed and cared for you, to not be known city-wide?”

Customer: “???”

Wait a minute? When did I say that?!

“What do you guys think… can the three of them keep the store running well today?”

As Xu Ran got off his horse outside the Beast Master Association, a mischievous smile crossed his face.

Under the misdirection he gave last night, most customers should think that he would personally run the shop today, shouldn’t they?

In this situation, angler and the other two clerks must be under tremendous pressure.

The three little ones glanced at each other and shook their heads unanimously.

This is the question that the adorable kitten, little horse, and little turtle would not know.

“Well, let’s finish the current work and see how it goes when I get back.” Xu Ran lazily stretched his body, took out the sealed letter from his pocket, and headed to the Beast Master Association.

Sometime later, guided by a staff member, Xu Ran stood in front of a building adjacent to the Beast Master Association building.

“Transcendent Evolution Department,” these five big characters flashed dazzlingly on the outer wall of the building. The blade-like font came with a sharp and imposing aura that made people look up to it.

There is no such department in the Beast Master Association of Qjngzhou City.

Only second-level towns, which still hold their own amidst the turmoil of the Beast Tide, have significant energy and resources to carry out relevant evolution research.

“Mr. Xu, I have informed Mr. Liu Yu of your intentions.” The staff member led Xu Ran to the rest area in the lobby on the first floor and spoke with a smile, “Please wait a moment here. Mr. Liu Yu will soon be here.”

With that, the staffer turned and left.

“This place is really big.” After the staff member’s figure disappeared, Xu Ran curiously started looking around.

On the walls of the rest area, numerous well-framed pictures were hanging.

Some photos recorded the historical figures of Xieyun City, some recorded the creation process of the Transcendent Evolution Department, and some showcased the notable research outcomes of the department.

For example, one of the photos had a group of fierce-looking, robust pet beasts with wolf heads that looked utterly valorous and martial.

That species is the King Species known as Wolf Warriors. The ability to produce this species in large quantities indicates that the Transcident Evolution Department has mastered the corresponding evolution paths to some extent.

Lastly, Xu Ran’s gaze fell on a relatively recent photo at the back.

On the photo, there was a burly middle-aged man riding a four-winged tiger with remarkable martial prowess.

Xu Ran was not unfamiliar with the middle-aged man and the four-winged tiger.

He had seen them once when he first entered Xieyun City.

They denoted one of the three Overlord Level Beast Masters in Xieyun City, Vice President You Shengjiang.

The four-winged tiger was an Emperor Species.

“Vice President You’s Deluge Sky Tiger completed its evolution with the help of our Transcendent Evolution Department.”

A slightly cold voice cames from behind Xu Ran.

Xu Ran turned in surprise and opened his mouth, “Fang Yuling? What are you doing here?”

As soon as he spoke, he shook his head with a bitter laugh.

She was originally from the Transcendent Evolution Department; it was only natural for her to be here.

“I should be the one asking that question, right?” Fang Yuling shook her head helplessly, “I happened to pass by, why are you here?”

“I’m helping a friend deliver a letter to Senior Liu Yu of the Transcendent Evolution Department,” Xu Ran lifted the letter in his hand, “I will go back as soon as I deliver the letter.”

“To Senior Liu?” Fang Yuling blinked, and her expression became somewhat strange, “Then you may not be able to leave for a while.”

“Huh?” Hearing what Fang Yuling said, Xu Ran was slightly stunned.

The next moment, the elevator door not far away opened, and a middle-aged man with disheveled hair, clear dark circles under his eyes, a bearded face, and an extremely sloppy appearance, came into view.

“Who is looking for me?” He asked out loud, quickly looking in Xu Ran’s direction.

“Huh?” When his gaze swept over the three little ones behind Xu Ran, a violent frenzy appeared in the eyes of the middle-aged man, “A new species?!”