Chapter 394 - 242 Evolution Law And Shining Holy Kingdom_L

Chapter 394: Chapter 242 Evolution Law and Shining Holy Kingdom_l

“What do you mean by ‘that’s quite high’?”

Xiao Zhang, an excited researcher nearby Xu Ran, glared at him, slightly displeased. “You, as an outsider.”

“This is an evolution experiment, an exploration of unknown evolutionary paths and species. Even if only one is successful, it’s still substantial progress.” Xiao Zhang pointed at the two Golden Carp Dragons that had evolved into entirely new entities.

“Without mentioning anything else, merely the successful evolution of these two could supply valuable references for our upcoming research!”

“Look at this one!” Xiao Zhang pointed at one of the creatures, whose scales had changed from golden to blue gold, its body becoming more muscular. Sharp bone spikes had grown from its back. “This is a Blue Gold Thorn Dragon.”

“The resources required for the evolution from the Golden Carp Dragon to the Blue Gold Thorn Dragon were discovered and confirmed previously. However, the resources we used this time weren’t the same as before, there were considerable differences.”

“Two different sets of resources can evolve into the Blue Gold Thorn Dragon, indicating that the resource combinations that we previously confirmed may not be the most optimal solution. Following this point, we may be able to further optimize the evolution resources!”

“And then there’s this one!” Xiao Zhang pointed to another experimental pet beast. Its body had turned pitch black and seemed enveloped in dense, dark fog with a faintly fishy smell. “This is a new evolutionary form we’ve never seen before!”

“We don’t need to say much about its research value, right?” @@novelbin@@

“I stand corrected.” Confronted with an obviously disgruntled researcher Xiao Zhang, Xu Ran nodded remorsefully.

He had been too hasty.

With the help of the system, he had an extremely complete, high success rate of evolution path, but the rest of humanity in this world was still taking baby steps in their research on evolution.

Even if it was a verbal slip, he shouldn’t have said what he did.

“No worries!” Seeing that Xu Ran had accepted his words, Xiao Zhang’s mood greatly improved. His previous dissatisfaction quickly dissipated. He patted Xu Ran on the shoulder, then turned to celebrate with his colleagues.

“Let’s move on to the next area,” Liu Yu smiled, then paused, “you asked a question earlier, didn’t you?”

“Did I?” Xu Ran turned to look at Liu Yu.

“Yes, you did.” Liu Yu nodded slowly. “You asked, ‘Is this success rate quite high?”‘

“Does that count?” A puzzled look appeared on Xu Ran’s face, but it quickly disappeared. His eyes held a hint of amusement. “But Liu senior, weren’t you the one who answered?”

Liu Yu: “…”

Darn, he missed a good opportunity!

“Let’s go, let’s go!”

Without waiting for Xu Ran, Liu Yu turned and walked towards the elevator they had come from, leaving Xu Ran and a smirking Fang Yuling behind.

“Is Senior Liu always like this?” Xu Ran couldn’t help but lower his voice to ask.

“Yes.” Fang Yuling lowered her voice as well. “Senior Liu has an extreme curiosity and dedication to unknown species, but he is also a person who adheres strictly to his principles.”

“He believes that there should be an equivalent exchange for everything, including the exploration of knowledge. Therefore, when asking others questions, he will answer the same number of questions in return.”

“Senior Liu’s personality is really…” Xu Ran’s expression was a bit strange.

He’d never met such a principled person before.

But to say that the other party was stubborn…considering how the other party kept inducing him to ask questions earlier, his principles were quite flexible.” “Hurry up!” Liu Yu’s urging voice rang out from the elevator.

Only after Xu Ran, Fang Yuling, and the three little ones all entered the elevator did Liu Yu leisurely remove his foot blocking the elevator door. He let the elevator door close and then turned to look at Xu Ran. “We’re moving to the next floor.”

“It’s also a water attribute, but the next floor’s studies are about the evolutionary pathways of the king species evolving into the emperor species.”

Seeing the evident interest on Xu Ran’s face, Liu Yu nodded satisfactorily.

When he was in the elevator earlier, he realized his mistake.

This young man’s three pet beasts had all successfully evolved into king species, so he wouldn’t be too concerned about how to evolve into king species.

He wanted to impose a question in return for that, but the chip was not big enough.

However, that was not a problem for Liu Yu.

You’re not interested in how to evolve into a king species, so how about how to evolve into an emperor species? You must be interested in that, right?

At this moment, Xu Ran’s response was within his expectations.

This made Liu Yu feel somewhat triumphant inside.

Aha, youngster, watch how I get the best of you!

And Xu Ran was indeed more interested in how to evolve into an emperor species.

After all, the three little ones would face this problem in the future, but until now, Xu Ran had not drawn the corresponding evolution path from the system.

Unless there was a surprise, the evolution path to the emperor species was a red item, and the only red item he had drawn so far was the Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card.

From the practical usage, the Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card was much stronger than the Meditation Acceleration Card, which also indirectly reflected the value of the evolution path to the emperor species.

Soon, the elevator stopped again.

The three of them stepped out and soon saw the scene on this floor.

Similar to the previous floor, this floor was also constructed entirely of the highest level environmental mimicry. However, the specifics were different from the previous floor.