Chapter 397 - 244 Special Main Task 4!_1

Chapter 397: Chapter 244 Special Main Task 4!_1

“I’m not going to the Transcendent Evolution Department ever again!”

After walking away, Xu Ran let out a breath of relief, after seeing the faint outline of the building in the distance.

Going in and out, two hundred thousand Beast Master Points were gone.

Who can stand that?!

Even though the trip was productive, as he learned a lot of previously unknown evolution knowledge, and for the first time understood the strength of the Holy Spirit Race, he still felt a pang when it came to the sudden disappearance of his Beast Master Points.

“You’ve drained most of my Beast Master Points. I probably don’t have enough left to exchange for new resources.” He sighed with a pained expression at the three little ones, “I was planning to exchange for some more resources before leaving Xieyun City.”

They had already consumed most of the earlier batch of resources. The original plan was to exchange a large amount of Beast Master Points that he collected before. However, plans changed.

So…

“Star, halt!” Xu Ran suddenly saw two familiar figures on the road and asked Star to stop.

“Xi Lu~” @@novelbin@@

Star let out a long whine and stopped. Its body, once hidden in plain sight, appeared naturally, with its person and two accompanying beasts.

Qin Can and Qin Yue were startled by the sudden appearance of Xu Ran and his pets.

“Whoa!” Qin Can exclaimed in surprise, but then he recognized Xu Ran and a look of resentment appeared on his face, “So, Boss Xu, where do you think I’ve just come from?”

“Where?” Xu Ran dismounted, smiling warmly.

“Starfire Foster Care Shop!” Qin Yue pointed out, looking somewhat annoyed, “We waited so long for that Tony guy to leave, and when he finally left, you weren’t the one on duty but some other new clerk…”

“Speaking of which, Boss Xu.” Qin Yue couldn’t help but grumble, “You hire such odd clerks…”

She couldn’t find the exact words to describe her feelings and she blinked in silence.

“Yeah.” Qin Can empathetically agreed.

The siblings had tried to visit the Starfire Pet Care Shop a few days earlier. Xu Ran had promised them free washing and protection services, which they fully intended to take advantage of.

However, things changed when they arrived at the shop. It was a new guy called Tony who ran the shop instead of Xu Ran.

Due to Tony’s bizarre style, both decided to visit next time.

They didn’t have to wait long for the good news of Xu Ran’s return.

The surprised Qin siblings immediately rushed over, only to find a new clerk at the shop, not Xu Ran.

“Boss Xu, when could we get you to do the washing and protection for us yourself?” Qin Can scratched his head, looking somewhat exasperated.

“Right now.” Xu Ran smiled, a strange glint in his eyes, “Both of you are regular customers now. I should treat you a little special.”

“Really?”

Qin Can was taken aback, then his face lit up with joy.

“Of course.” Xu Ran nodded earnestly, “Let’s go back to the shop now. I’ll tell Meow that I’ll take care of you.”

“Great!” Qin Yue shouted, “You promised!”

Leaving behind these words, they summoned their pet beasts and hurried back towards the Starfire Foster Care Shop, lest Xu Ran retract his offer.

“Of course, it’s a promise.” Xu Ran laughed and shook his head at their retreating figures. He then turned to his excited pets, “Let’s go, back to the shop.”

“Since we can’t utilize a resource exchange before leaving Xieyun City, let’s benefit from the good luck of the Lucky Fish one last time.” As he spoke, Xu Ran remounted Star, along with Ziyun and Cancan. “We’re getting our resource allocation a few days early.”

“Xi Lu~” (Great!)

Star let out an excited whinny, its eyes gleaming in anticipation.

It stomped its hooves, leaving a blurry afterimage as it disappeared completely, speeding off in the direction of the Qin siblings.

Ziyun and Cancan echoed Star’s excitement with enthusiastic cheers on its back.

Even though they now had the Beast Trainer Ranking and could earn Beast Master Points based on their skills, and could even learn new skills with initiative, it was undoubtedly the resource allocations that they always looked forward to most. These allocations comprised of a large number of resources that could not be obtained anywhere else.

“Meow!” (Let’s go!)

Ziyun anxiously patted Star’s neck as though in a hurry, wishing they could get to the Starfire Foster Care Shop immediately.

“Easy.” Xu Ran chuckled, pointing at the Qin siblings they had just passed. “We have to go back to the shop first and wait for them.”

It’s always the same routine: washing and protection first, then absorbing some of that lucky aura of theirs!

“Eh?!”

Inside the Starfire Pet Care Shop, the cute and adorable Meow covered her mouth in surprise, eyes wide and luminous. Her ears twitched slightly and the wagging tail on her back paused abruptly.

She looked surprised.

“Boss, you’re going to do the washing and protection yourself?”

The screeching noise echoing through the grooming room couldn’t help but make Xu Ran wince a little, “Not really. I’m just helping two friends. Once they’re done, I’ll leave the work to you.”