Chapter 393 - 241: Mad Scientist Liu Yu_2

Chapter 393: Chapter 241: Mad Scientist Liu Yu_2

“Yes, there are three minutes until the start. We are about to perform the 329th evolution experiment on the Gold Koi Dragon,” The named researcher nodded in confirmation, specifying the experiment’s species and the number of times it had been done.

“Good, just in time for this young gentleman to witness.” Liu Yu laughed heartily, patting Xu Ran on the shoulder while chuckling inwardly.

Anyone seeing their Transcendent Evolution Department’s evolution experiments for the first time is always surprised. Even if this lad manages to maintain composure, there’s no way he won’t have any questions!

If he has questions, then I can in turn ask him mine!

Give and take, that’s his principle as Liu Yu!

Upon hearing the words of the researcher known as Xiao Zhang, a surprised look crossed Xu Ran’s face.

Though Gold Koi Dragon has ‘Dragon’ in its name, it doesn’t have a significant connection with dragon pet beasts. It’s a reasonably common water attribute leader species, and many in Xieyun City have Beast Master Contracts with it.

It’s quite normal for such a common pet beast to be used as a subject for an evolution experiment. But the fact that it’s been experimented on over three hundred times is a bit astonishing.

He wondered about the circumstances of these pet beasts participating in the experiment.

Xu Ran wanted to ask, but noticing Liu Yu occasionally glancing at him, he decided to keep quiet.

If he asked, then Liu Yu’s next question would likely be about Ziyun’s evolution process, right?

Three minutes passed quickly.

Xu Ran followed Liu Yu, standing on the side of the island area.

Accompanied by the sounds of splashing water from the pond, pet beasts brandishing golden scales and sharp four -clawed paws resembling a carp appeared one after another, neatly lining up in a row.

From their coordinated actions and the anticipation in their eyes, Xu Ran could tell that these pet beasts were not forced to participate in the experiments. Instead, they seemed to have volunteered willingly.

Voluteering pet beasts, huh…

Coming up with this possibility, Xu Ran chuckled to himself.

Indeed, the intelligence of pet beasts exceeds that of ordinary creatures by far enabling them to understand human language and intentions. They are also ’ likely to get attracted to the idea of evolution.

“Xiao Zhang, bring out the Transcendence Flower!” Liu Yu waved at Xiao Zhang and loudly called out, then glanced knowingly at Xu Ran, seemingly to say, “you should ask about the use of the Transcendence Flower now.” Seeing Liu Yu act like this, Xu Ran found it amusing.

This boss indeed has a quirky personality.

It was within Xu Ran’s expectations that a second-level town would have more knowledge about evolution and that the Transcendence Flower can increase the success rate during the evolution process.

Thus, he didn’t show any surprise.

Noticing this, Liu Yu momentarily lost interest, but promptly regained his enthusiasm.

He was determined to make this kid ask a question today!

Two large alloy boxes were quickly brought over by Xiao Zhang. He opened one of them, and the Transcendence Flowers laid there quietly, shimmering with peculiarly wonderful light.

Looking at this familiar resource, the three little ones seemed to reminisce about their evolution process, their eyes filled with nostalgia.

With a blessing in their eyes, they looked at the Gold Koi Dragons eagerly waiting by the shore.

Then, Xiao Zhang opened the other alloy box.

Unhke the previously opened box containing Transcendence Flowers, this one held various resources. Every few were bundled together, placed within their respective containers labeled with different codes.

It was apparent that these were the other resources used for the Gold Koi Dragon’s evolution aside from Transcendence Flowers.

Quickly, each Gold Koi Dragon was issued a Transcendence Flower and a container with evolution resources.

Other researchers gathered around, holding various testing devices at the ready. They began conducting relevant tests and recordings in an organized rush.

Scanning through the researchers, Xu Ran’s gaze finally settled on the corner of the test site-a healing pet beast emanating a marshal-level energy.

It was obvious that it wasn’t the Transcendent Evolution Department’s first experiment of this kind. They were even ready to handle severe after-effects in case of a failed evolution.

So, what was the success rate of such evolutions?

A curious expression appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Compared to the complete evolutionary path he had prepared for the three little ones, the evolutionary process of the golden carp dragon in front of him was much more rudimentary.

Their strength was generally at the Elite Stage, which was in line with the evolution requirements of the King Species Evolution Route.

However, it was clear that they lacked three-star skills and probably hadn’t upgraded their skills to the Waning Moon Level either.

That meant the evolution conditions were not met.

Besides, there seemed to be no evolution ritual involved.

Just evolution resources…?

Xu Ran stroked his chin.

Come to think of it, this was probably his first time witnessing the evolution of other pet beasts.

“Start!”

Xiao Zhang started the timer and signalled the golden carp dragons to start evolving.

Almost as Xiao Zhang’s voice dropped, the golden carp dragons, who had long sensed then share of resources filled with vigorous energy, quickly absorbed these resources under the impulse of deep-seated desire for life.

One minute…two minutes…

Before long, the scene fell into chaos.

Every golden carp dragon had wild and agitated energy raging wildly on its body, and because of the different resources each consumed, their reactions varied.

Some golden carp dragons lay motionless on the ground, only their breath became increasingly faint, seeming as though they would lose their breath at any moment.

Others howled in pain, constantly rolling on the ground, their bodies showing cracks like porcelain, with blood constantly seeping out of the fractures.

Some others shook uncontrollably, with uncontrolled flesh buds growing on the surface of their bodies, which was quite creepy to look at.

Xu Ran couldn’t help but gasp and looked at the three little ones beside him with an questioning gaze.

The three little ones also watched this scene with lingering fear, and after understanding what Xu Ran meant, they shook their heads slightly.

Although their evolution was painful, it was still under control compared to the evolution process they were witnessing.

Xu Ran nodded slightly, feeling a bit more fortunate.

Luckily, there were evolution routes in the system’s lottery drawing, which saved his pet beasts from suffering too much on the path of evolution and strengthening.

Rarely, he started to genuinely appreciate the system.

As time went by, one of the test instruments soon gave a sharp alarm, and the researcher in charge of monitoring shouted, “Number u’s energy value has exceeded the critical point, it’s going to collapse!”

Almost the moment his voice came out, a healing pet beast at the General

Stage, which had long been ready, quickly took action, extracting the energy from the body of the 11th golden carp dragon with its special ability and forcefully halting the evolution process.

With the simultaneous application of healing skills, the injuries brought on by the evolution of the golden carp dragon rapidly improved, but it looked extremely defeated.

Failing an evolution experiment meant it’s unlikely to be chosen again as the subject of a evolution experiment, even if it actively seeks it.

All of the pet beasts that appeared here deeply yearned for evolution, such an outcome naturally crushed its spirits. @@novelbin@@

“It’s alright.” Xiao Zhang put down his work, walked to that golden carp dragon, patted its head, then gently lifted it up and returned it to the pond, turning to look at others golden carp dragons.

Not long after, the second carp dragon’s evolution process went awry and was stopped immediately for treatment.

Then came the third one, the fourth one…

In the end, of the thirty golden carp dragons in this experiment, only two successfully completed the final evolution and evolved into new individual of King Species.

Experiment 329 is over, Number 6 and 18 have successfully evolved, record the resource ratio!” After calming down the golden carp dragons who failed in evolution, Xiao Zhang shouted excitedly, “Get ready for the next experiment in a few days!”

The researchers quickly completed their records amid cheers, and left the site after finishing up, leaving Xu Ran stunned on the spot.

Is this success rate of evolution… considered high?”

I’ll leave it here for today.