Chapter 400 - 246: Ziyun’S Emperor Species

Chapter 400: Chapter 246: Ziyun’s Emperor Species

Evolution Pathil

With Xu Ran selecting the final evolution path, the numerous evolution paths that were once in his sights began to disappear one by one, leaving only the chosen path that became increasingly clear, flashing a red glow.

“Meow?” (What is my evolutionary species?)

With expectancy in his eyes, Ziyun asked aloud.

Star and Cancan next to him also looked at Xu Ran nervously.

Although they are not the ones using the Emperor Species evolution path, this is the first Emperor Species evolution path within the team. @@novelbin@@

What it is like to evolve into the Emperor Species and how difficult it is, they are very curious.

“The evolution path for Emperor Species offers up to six stars for both difficulty and potential, I’ve picked a path for you with a potential of six stars” said Xu Ran briefly before he ceased speaking.

Because among the flickering rainbows, the evolution path he chose had already fully unfolded, with a vast amount of text appeared before his eyes.

[Evolution Path: Flash Thunder Cat (Thunder, Fighting) -> Thunder Chaser (Thunder, Fighting)

Evolution Difficulty: ******

Evolution Potential: ******

Evolution Requirements:

1. Flash Thunder Cat hasn’t broken through King Stage.

2. All talent skills of Flash Thunder Cat have to be upgraded to four-star skills before evolution, and at least four talent skills must have dual attributes of Thunder and Fighting.

3. All talent skills must reach Violent Sun Level proficiency.

Evolution Material: Extinct Thunder Attraction (main), Extreme Source Vein Crystal (main), Thunder Attribute Emperor Stage Blood Essence (main), Brilliant Gem (main), Eternal Life Calamity Dew (main)

Evolution Ritual:

1. Defeat a Thunder Attribute and a Fighting Attribute King Stage Extraordinary Being alone, personally obtain the core resources of two extraordinary beings as auxiliary materials for evolution

2. Complete the evolution above the vast sky and on top of the thundercloud.]

“Hiss…”

After reading all the text, Xu Ran gasped.

The evolution path of the Emperor Species is terrifying.

As he anticipated, the evolution path of the Emperor Species required the Pet Beast to have not yet reached the King Stage.

However, apart from that, some contents were beyond Xu Ran’s expectations.

Firstly, it’s the second point in the evolution requirements.

In addition to Ziyun needing to elevate all the talent skills to four-star before evolving, it also demands that at least four of the four-star talent skills that Ziyun has elevated, are duel-attribute ones of Thunder and Fighting.

There are seven talent skills in total for Ziyun.

Which means, during the time of skill star level upgrade, it needs to turn more than half of the talents into dual attribute skills.

The process isn’t that tough, it just needs to find appropriate Thunder Attribute skills and Fighting Attribute skills to integrate. This way, the requirements can be fulfilled. However, in that case, Ziyun’s previous integration plan might need to be adjusted a bit.

Xu Ran promptly clicked open Ziyun’s skill list to check.

Thunder Shake Heavenly Sound, Step on Electric Traces, Destruction Thunder Claw, Immortal Body, King’s Power, Heartfelt Strike, and Falling Thunder.

Among Ziyun’s seven skills, Immortal Body which was already promoted to four stars, is a pure Fighting Attribute skill, and Destruction Thunder Claw was originally both Thunder and Fighting dual attribute.

So, among the other five skills, it needs to keep in mind the integration of skills’ attributes when promoting three of them.

The other thing that surprised Xu Ran was the requirement of skill proficiency for the Emperor Species evolution path.

It’s not Halo Level, but the Violent Sun Level which is above it.

What is the concept of all skills being at Violent Sun Level?

Now, the three of them combined only have two Halo Level skills. To upgrade a skill from Waning Moon Level to Halo Level, you need ten thousand Skill Points.

And to upgrade a skill from the Halo Level to Violent Sun Level, you need fifty thousand Skill Points!

This will surely take a very long time.

Xu Ran’s expression turned a little serious.

In this case, it’s more necessary to open a branch store.

Considering his current income, it’s not possible to accumulate so many Skill Points.

However, if there are more branches, the income will multiple. This way, it can keep up with the enhancement speed of the Pet Beast’s strength.

Thinking about this, Xu Ran looked at the Evolution Material.

Hmm…

At first glance, there’s not one he recognizes.

You’re in Xieyun City after all. Xu Ran took out his cellphone, started looking on the Beast Master Points exchange interface.

“Meow?” (Are you checking my evolution material?)

Ziyun sprang lightly, jumped onto Xu Ran’s shoulder, rubbed his face with its cheek, with excitement and joy in its eyes, it looked at the screen following Xu Ran’s hand. The next moment, its expression stalled slightly.

Because after Xu Ran entered the resource name “Extinct Thunder Attraction”, the exchange interface, after a brief pause, eventually turned blank.

“No such item?” Xu Ran frowned a bit, a foreboding feeling began to form in his heart.

This is Xieyun City.

Among the nearby areas, this is the strongest Second Level Town.

Theoretically, any resources existing in Beast Zone No.47 should be available here.

But, he couldn’t find the material needed for Ziyun’s evolution.

His fingers moved quickly, swiftly entering the second resource.

Still blank.

Xu Ran’s face became somewhat harsh.

According to the order of the evolution material in the previous King Species evolution path, the more precious and the more important the evolution material in the evolution process, it would be in front.

Without a doubt, the first two resources are the most central among the main resources.

And these two resources, can’t be found in Xieyun City.

With a sigh, Xu Ran continued to input the third resource.