Chapter 404 - 248: See You Again Xu Qing_2

Chapter 404: Chapter 248: See You Again Xu Qing_2

Ziyun nodded in satisfaction.

Ever since they’ve been able to exchange for king-level resources and acquired three-star skills, the three little ones haven’t tried to use skill fragments to exchange for three-star skills to fuse existing skills for a while.

But, no matter how you look at it, the skill pool obtained from fragment exchange is the most comprehensive.

Also, after exchanging for the Emperor Species’ evolution path before, Ziyun barely had any value points left, and was even in debt to Star. @@novelbin@@

With an apologetic glance towards Star, who still hadn’t acquired a four-star skill yet, Ziyun took a step back, signaling the end of her allocation.

The remaining number of skill fusion stones was not much and could not facilitate the fusion of four three-star skills into four-star skills, therefore Star and Cancan each got a portion of the remaining resources in their respective turns.

Following Star’s previously innovated method, the two little ones used their not-so-many skill fragments to exchange for two-star skills, then upgraded them with three-star skill scrolls, supplementing the skills they needed for fusion.

This concluded the resource allocation.

After writing the remaining value points and resources of the three little ones on the blackboard, which would serve as the basis for the next allocation, Xu Ran placed the blackboard and chalk aside and looked at the three little ones.

“Alright, let’s go find Ms. Xu Qing and ask about the situation.”

Before returning to Qingzhou City, Ms. Xu Qing of the Monster Wooden City had invited him to open a branch there, which coincided with his present intent.

As such, there was no reason not to hitch a ride on this opportunity.

Otherwise, for him alone, traversing Beast Field No.47 would be a troublesome task.

At that time, without getting a definite response from Xu Ran, Xu Qing had left him her contact information and told him that she would be staying in Xieyun City for a while.

Soon enough, Xu Ran, who had found Xu Qing’s contact information, made a call.

“Beep…beep…”

Soon, the call was answered, and Xu Qing’s voice rang from the other end, “Hello, Boss Xu, how have you been considering my previous invitation?”

“Well…” Xu Ran cleared his throat and began, “I plan to open a branch in Monster Wooden City.”

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, there was silence on the line for a few seconds, then joy and excitement permeated Xu Qing’s voice, “That’s fantastic.”

“To be honest, when I heard that the Starfire Foster Care Shop got three new employees to replace the previous ones today, I’ve been waiting for your call, Boss Xu,” over the phone, Xu Qing chuckled, “Anyway, welcome to Monster Wooden City.”

“Do you have any means to go to Monster Wooden City, Boss Xu?”

“Um…” After hearing Xu Qing’s inquiry over the phone, a touch of embarrassment appeared on Xu Ran’s face, “To tell the truth, since coming to Xieyun City, I haven’t even been to the outskirts of the city, and indeed, rd have some difficulty going to Monster Wooden City.”

“No problem, there’s a King Level Beast Master who’s planning to go to Monster Wooden City in three days. If you’re willing, Boss Xu, I’ll talk to him, and he can take you along.”

“King level, huh…” Xu Ran’s eyes lit up.

This level of Beast Master, as long as they don’t arbitrarily enter the core areas of Beast Field N0.47 and aren’t too reckless, should be able to safely traverse the Beast Field.

“No problem, then I’ll have to trouble Ms. Xu Qing.”

“Boss Xu, you’re too polite.” On the other end of the phone, Xu Qing laughed and hung up, then turned to a middle-aged man sitting in front of her, “Tianchao, I’ll have to trouble you to take him along when you go in three days.”

“Okay.” The middle-aged man nodded slightly, “But my business is urgent, so I hope he won’t delay.”

“Boss Xu should be a punctual person.” Xu Qing’s smile faded slightly, “Is the duel between the General Stage Beast Masters of Second Level Town settled?”

“That’s right.” The middle-aged man nodded, “If all goes well, there should still be two months.”

“In two months, each Second Level Town in Beast Zone No.47 will select five General Stage Beast Masters to participate in this duel.” The man’s face grew somber.

“The Second Level Town corresponding to the final victor of this duel will have the power to make decisions in the future alliance of towns within Beast Zone N0.47.”

“I really don’t know why Chairman Fang is in such a hurry.” Xu Qing shook her head with a troubled smile,

“As Monster Wooden City’s resident ambassador in Xieyun City, I often have to stay in Xieyun City, so I can feel that many of Chairman Fang’s decisions are very urgent.”

“It’s as if he wants to gather all the forces as quickly as possible to make some major move.”

“Regardless of what he wants to do, let’s wait until the Beast Masters of Xieyun City defeat the Beast Masters of the other Second Level Towns.” The middle-aged man slowly rose, “Our Beast Masters from Monster Wooden City are not to be trifled with.”

“I’m leaving. Tell Boss Xu to wait for me at the city gate the morning after three days.”

Watching the middle-aged man’s retreating figure, Xu Qing rubbed her temples with one hand.

For some reason, she always felt a sense of foreboding from Chairman Fang’s actions.

It seemed as if a massive storm that would sweep across Beast Zone N0.47 was fast approaching.

A moment later, Xu Qing laughed at her folly.

“Must be an illusion.”

“We still have three days.” Xu Ran looked at the three little ones with a smile on his face as he hung up the phone, “By that time, my contract power should be able to break through to the fourth stage.”

Hearing this, the three little ones all showed expectant looks.

With the absorption of a large number of king-level resources, they had already reached the perfect leadership stage early and had been at this stage for too long. With any luck, after advancing to the general stage, they could quickly approach full strength.

However, thinking about the fact that after the upgrade of the contract power, Xu Ran would have a new contract slot, and the one who should have been beside Xu Ran and most looked forward to Xu Ran’s breakthrough, Twelve, was not here, the mood of the three little ones dropped a notch.

“It’s okay.” Seeing the state of the three little ones, Xu Ran guessed their thoughts and spoke softly, “Once we become stronger, we can find Twelve.” “Meow!” (Wait till I evolve!)

Ziyun’s eyes suddenly ignited with fervor.

Completing the evolution ritual meant it would have the strength to kill king-level extraordinary beings.

But king-level extraordinary beings also have their distinctions in power.

A being as terrifying as the Nightmare Beast King that can easily kill the Magma Beast King is surely not something the yet-to-evolve Ziyun at the general stage could defeat.

Therefore, to rescue Twelve from the Nightmare Beast King, it needs to evolve and have even greater power!

A General Stage ? Emperor Species vs a King Stage ■ King Species, naturally, the former would stand a better chance of winning.

“Good.” Xu Ran lightly rubbed Ziyun’s head, “Then it’s settled, after Ziyun evolves, we will return to Qingzhou City and visit the Nightmare Beast King in Beast Zone No.97.”

“Twelve may be its daughter, but she’s also our companion.” Xu Ran paused slightly, “I believe the Nightmare Beast King should be a reasonable beast king.”

“Meow-” (Exactly!)

Ziyun clenched a forepaw, and the purple electricity flashed and then disappeared.

We’ll appeal with reason!

“Hey, did you hear? Starfire Foster Shop has got a new batch of staff again, but Boss Xu is still not tending to customers.”

“That’s old news, brother. Just got internet in your village?”

“Honestly, the new staff is much better than those before, especially Teacher

Meow, she’s really cute… what’s with that face?”

“Meow did not speak when taking care of your pet beast, did she?”

“Yes, why?”

“Then it’s nothing.”

In front of the Beast Trainer Ranking, small groups of idle spectators gathered for casual chat.

Following Xu Ran reclaiming the top spot in the Leadership Level Beast Master list, there hadn’t been any interesting news on the Beast Trainer Ranking for days. Even these onlookers started to get bored.

However, their discussion topic soon changed.

“Hey, brother, do you see who that is?”

“Isn’t that Boss Xu? Why is he here?”

“Quick, quick, let’s take a look!”