Chapter 406 - 250: Divine Punishment And Rebound, Breakthrough! !

Chapter 406: Chapter 250: Divine Punishment and Rebound, Breakthrough! !

“First place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, Flash Thunder Cat, Combat Power’ 79999″

Upon seeing this brand -new line, replacing the figure once they perceived as unbeatable in their minds, the surrounding area fell silent in an instant.

This silence was not just because Xu Ran had surpassed expectations, but also because this surpassing left their well-respected Chairman Fang trailing far behind.

Like the calm before a storm, a moment of silence was followed by tumultuous cries of surprise. Even the casual onlookers who were dragged here by their friends were visibly moved.

Chairman Fang has actually been surpassed?”

Mind your words, it is only Chairman Fang’s strongest Leadership Stage Pet Beast that has been surpassed!”

“Even so, that is still a remarkable feat. After all, Chairman Fang is the most talented man in Xieyun City.”

“Did you guys notice that Boss Xu’s score is very even?”

Indeed, a normal test wouldn’t yield such tidy figures, right? What’s the meaning of this?”

Indifferent to the discussions around her, Fang Yuling blankly stared at the figure behind Xu Ran’s name, recalling the words her father had once said echoing in her mind.

The Beast Trainer Ranking has a limit.

Each different chart has its own limit.

After reaching the limit standard, any exceeding value would not continue to increase but stay stagnant.

The dialogue she had with her father back then is still clear in her mind now.

“Dad, if there are several people reached the rank limit standard at the same time, how would they be ranked?”

“Silly child, since the Beast Trainer Rankings were established, there has never been a case where the rank limit has been reached, let alone several people breaking the limit at the same time.”

“What if someone does reach the limit?”

“If someone does…”

Then that person must be an unbelievably talented genius. Hiding their score is not just for protecting their secret, but also to prevent other beast trainers from being overly demoralized.”

“So… there really are people who can surpass the limit.” Murmuring to herself, a touch of melancholy appeared on Fang Yuling’s face.

“Ding-Ding-Ding…”

As Xu Ran’s historical ranking was firmly established, nine consecutive urgent bell sounds rang through the Beast Trainer Ranking area. @@novelbin@@

The beam of light shooting sky-high from the Leadership Stage Pet Beast Combat Power List did not grow dim when the ranking changed. Instead, it became increasingly bright amid the nine bell chimes.

This unprecedented anomaly caught the attention of all and stirred up countless discussions.

“Sister Yuhng, what’s going on?” The pigtails girl who had called for Fang Yuhng had a puzzled look on her face and tugged at Fang Yuling’s sleeve.

Fang Yuling stayed silent.

She understood that this was a special display caused by the limit of the rankings being touched. Following this, the eye-catching beam of light will continue to shine for one day.

After taking a deep look at Xu Ran and the three little ones who just walked out of C12 testing area, Fang Yuling, holding the hand of the pigtails girl, decided to leave.

“Let’s go, there’s no need to watch anymore.”

“Hehee-”

With a neigh from Star, the person and the three pets who had just pierced through the Combat Power List in the Beast Trainer Ranking were back in their shop.

Ziyun looked a bit odd, showing both excitement and a hint of sadness. Although it had achieved its aim and surpassed Chairman Fang’s strongest Leadership Stage Pet Beast before breaking through to the General stage, But…

Considering the impending Divine Punishment and Rebound it had to face, Ziyun was on the verge of tears.

“Ziyun, have you decided whether to suffer the Divine Punishment and Rebound after breaking through to the General Stage, or before it?” Xu Ran gently stroked Ziyun’s head, offering some comfort.

“Meow-” (Before the breakthrough…)

Ziyun responded almost immediately.

The severity of the Divine Punishment and Rebound was directly proportional to one’s own cultivation.

If it waited until it had broken through the General Stage, the punishment it had to accept would be much more difficult than accepting it now.

It only used the Divine Punishment of Leadership Stage, but had to endure the Rebound of Marshal Level, hence it was at a loss either way.

Moreover-

Compared to accepting the Divine Punishment, the feeling of owing the Divine Punishment continuously gnawed at its heart more.

“That’s fine too,” Xu Ran nodded slightly, “Don’t worry, we will accompany you through it.”

“Hehee!” (Ziyun will be fine!)

Star neighed, its eyes showing a hint of comfort.

“Charming!” (Go SisterZiyun!)

Cancan waved its claw at the air, its face full of confidence in Ziyun.

Listening to the encouragement from Xu Ran and her two companions, Ziyun appeared somewhat more optimistic. At that moment, it felt as though a power forged from bonds and friendship filled its body.

A mere Divine Punishment and Rebound? Bring it on!

The next moment, a heartrending scream echoed from the second-floor living area.

“Meow???? ”

Dense, black lightning instantly overwhelmed its body, like countless sharp blades, as if to tear its flesh apart.

The sound of bones cracking could be heard, and similarly strange black patterns were moving around Ziyun’s body, seemingly trying to destroy it from the inside.

With a dreadful rebound all around its body that it couldn’t control, Ziyun’s body kept twitching. Finally, it lay on the ground limp as the rebound faded away.

The whole process didn’t last long, roughly one minute. However, from Ziyun’s glazed eyes, it was evident that the pain was unbearable.

“Hehee!” (Hang in there, Ziyun!)