Chapter 401 - 246: Ziyun’S Emperor Species

Chapter 401: Chapter 246: Ziyun’s Emperor Species

Evolution Path!_2

Thunder Attribute Emperor Stage Blood Essence.

This time, the points exchange platform finally offered a timely response. Yes!

But, it’s very expensive!

After all, it’s the blood essence of the Emperor Stage, even a single drop requires a staggering three hundred thousand Beast Master Points. “Meow…” (Where am I supposed to get so many Beast Master Points?) Seeing the long string of zeros after the resource exchange price, Ziyun felt a wave of despair, as if she won’t be able to evolve.

“Don’t worry.” Seeing Ziyun’s disheartened expression, Xu Ran gently said, “As long as it can be exchanged, the problem of points can be rather easily ’ solved.”?????? ’

“By the time we complete the pre-evolution preparation, we can come back to face the Beast Trainer Ranking. Then what we will be aiming for is not just the Leadership Stage.”

“The rewards for the General Stage Beast Trainer Ranking will greatly increase Three hundred thousand Beast Master Points may seem a lot, but it’s not unattainable.”

“Meow-” (That sounds more like it.)

Ziyun’s expression eased slightly, and she felt a bit relieved.

But thinking that the first two resources couldn’t be found, she couldn’t help but frown.

Her own evolution seemed a bit troubling…

The last two resources, which were less precious than the Emperor Stage Blood Essence, were quickly located by Xu Ran in the exchange list. @@novelbin@@

However, their value was not low either.

Each of the two resources required a hundred and fifty thousand and a hundred thousand Beast Master Points, respectively.

so, in order for Ziyun to gather enough materials for her evolution, she would need a total of five hundred and fifty thousand points just for the exchange. What’s more troubling was that there weren’t any clues on how to obtain the first two resources at the moment.

Just have to take it one step at a time.

Xu Ran sighed slightly, then turned his attention to Ziyun’s evolution ceremony.

Unlike the evolution ceremony for the King Species, the evolution ceremony for the Emperor Species seemed to be divided into two steps.

The first step was to let Ziyun alone defeat a Thunder Attribute King Stage Extraordinary Being and a Fighting Attribute King Stage Extraordinary Being, gathering their core resources as auxiliary materials for her evolution.

The second step was to complete the evolution in a designated area.

Xu Ran raised an eyebrow.

Up till now, the only time the three little ones managed to defeat an enemy of a higher stage was when they combined their forces after Cancan evolving, repelling the assaulting General stage Extraordinary Being.

Besides that, the strength of the three little ones was relative to beings on the same stage.

After all, there was an insurmountable power gap between every growth stage. In such circumstances, the difficulties for Ziyun to kill two King Stage Extraordinary Beings all by herself at the General Stage were evident. Besides, the second step of the evolution ceremony might seem straightforward, but it was somewhat strange.

Ziyun was a cat-related Extraordinary Being, not a bird-related one.

How could she complete her evolution at the pinnacle of the thunderclouds above?

Thinking of this, Xu Ran sighed slightly.

The evolution ceremony was indeed mysterious.

Before the three little ones completed their evolution, Xu Ran hadn’t understood the meaning of the evolution ceremony. Only after their evolution did he comprehend the importance of the ceremony from their accounts. Now, he dared not underestimate the evolution ceremony.

To successfully evolve, every aspect of the ceremony must be executed without any shortcut.

“Meow?” (Is my evolution path difficult?)

Seeing Xu Ran looking worried, Ziyun looked a bit anxious and worried.

“Sure?” (What is Ziyun’s evolution path like?)

Cancan anxiously tugged at Xu Ran’s clothes, seeking answers.

Unless something unexpected happened, it and Star would also choose the most challenging six-star potential evolution path like Ziyun, so Ziyun’s evolution information could be used as their reference.

Their difficulties should be about the same.

Star, standing aside, moved its hooves. Seeing Cancan had already made a move, it silently withdrew its hoof, staring intently at Xu Ran.

Obviously, it was also quite anxious.

Under the urging of the three little ones, Xu Ran came back to his senses, realizing that he had yet to share the details of the evolution path.

“Ziyun, you must be prepared.” Xu Ran gently stroked Ziyun’s head, his expression slightly serious, “Your evolution is quite challenging.” “Meow!” (I’mprepared!)

Ziyun took a deep breath, nodded vigorously, and urged Xu Ran to continue. Even the other two little ones couldn’t help but draw near, holding their breaths.

“Just as we guessed earlier, you need to complete your evolution before reaching the King Stage, but…” Xu Ran’s voice shifted, “The proficiency required for evolution is not at the Halo Level for all skills, but at the Violent Sun Level.”

“■■■Meow?” (…What did you say?)

Ziyun’s expression slightly stiffened for a moment.

Violent Sun Level…

It was hard enough for it to obtain its first Halo Level Skill, when would it ever be able to have a Violent Sun Level one?

Cancan and Star looked at each other and simultaneously fell silent.

Is this how they are going to evolve too?

“Besides, there’s also the matter of skills.” Xu Ran paused for a moment, “As expected, all innate skills need to be upgraded to four stars. Moreover, at least four of these talent skills need to be both Thunder and Fighting attributes.” “…Meow meow meow?” (…What?)

Ziyun’s expression dejected for a while.

Originally, it already had planned its skills.

But, now after the appearance of the evolution conditions, these plans are obligated to adjust greatly.

In other words, its efforts to plan were in vain.

As for the issue of evolution materials, you’ve seen it yourself.” Xu Ran shrugged, “Out of the five main resources, three can be exchanged for Beast Master Points at the Beast Master Association. As for the other two, there’s no clue yet.”

“But those are the two most critical ones.”

“Meow…” (It’s over…)

A look of desperation appeared on Ziyun’s face.

It recalled the pain of not being able to find the necessary resources when it was time to evolve into the King Species.

But abruptly, a touch of curiosity emerged in Ziyun’s eyes.

Five main resources?

“Meow?” (Are there any auxiliary resources?)

There are two.” Xu Ran gave Ziyun a complicated look.

Ziyun’s heart skipped a beat, but it still carefully asked.

“…Meow?” (Then why not investigate them too?)

“Because you have to personally obtain those two auxiliary resources ” Xu Ran took a deep breath, “The first step of the evolution ritual requires you to independently kill one Thunder and one Fighting Attribute King Stage Transcendent Being. And you have to personally gather their core resources.” “These two resources will be your auxiliary evolution materials.”

Eh?

Eh???

Ziyun was momentarily taken aback.

It?

Take down a King Stage?

That’s the Beast King level!!!

For a moment, Ziyun was reminded of the Magma Beast King who once appeared and almost destroyed the entire Qingzhou City, and the Nightmare Beast King who is even more terrifying than it.

It must kill such creatures?!

And, that too at the Marshal Level?!

And it has to kill two?!

At this moment, Ziyun unusually became nervous.

Is it evolving or reincarnating?

”Don’t be afraid, there’s always a solution.” Xu Ran gently patted Ziyun’s head, “Just like we’ll deal with the second step after finishing the first step of the evolution ritual.”

Ziyun wanted to weep but failed to shed tears.

Your words are not reassuring at all!

“Meow?” (What’s the second step of the evolution ritual?)

At this moment, Ziyun completely lost the joy of obtaining the evolution path of the Emperor Species, seeing before its eyes one seemingly insurmountable mountain after another.

The evolution of the Emperor Species is already so difficult, it can’t imagine what it will be like when it comes time to evolve into the Holy Spirit Race.

With a numb gaze, it looked at Xu Ran.

Just spit it out. What’s the second step of the evolution ritual?

No matter how difficult it is, it will absolutely not flinch anymore!

“The second step of the evolution ritual…” Xu Ran thought for a moment, suddenly speaking, “Ziyun, don’t you think we should learn a flying skill?” “Because, without accident…”

“Your place of evolution, will be in the sky.”

Ziyun: “???”

What! Are! You! Saying?!