Chapter 409: 252 Run! At Top Speed!!_1

“This spot should do.”

In the Earth attribute Training Area, one human and three pets stood on a flat valley, Xu Ran smilingly spoke, looking at Cancan behind him who was eager to give it a go.

Eventually, Cancan couldn’t resist its intense curiosity. It pulled Xu Ran and the other two little ones down from the room on the second floor, wanting to see how big its body had become after breaking through to the Marshal Level.

In order not to disturb the residents in the Foster Area with the possible commotion made by Cancan, Xu Ran specifically chose to come to the deserted Training Area at midnight.

It just so happened that the moment the clock struck midnight, the training time of the three little ones had refreshed.

After Cancan finished its test, they could also test their power after breaking through.

“Charming!” (Watchme!)

Cancan excitedly yelled out and moved its four robust claws, rushing forward rapidly.

With every step it took, its body size increased slightly; its somewhat short tail end always stayed next to Xu Ran and the other three pets.

Only after running about three hundred meters, Cancan’s figure stopped changing, turning into a giant beast that was as gigantic as a small hill.

After breaking through to the Marshal Level, Cancan’s body shape became more exaggerated.

Excitedly looking around, the unique feeling brought by its enormous size made Cancan somewhat excited.

Very quickly, Cancan eyed a small hill nearby, its sturdy limbs stepped forward, and it then crashed into the hill, which was similar in size to it.

“Boom!!!”

With a thunderous boom that echoed throughout the entire Training Area, the earth began to shake violently, and under the stunned gaze of Xu Ran, Ziyun, and Star, the small hill was smashed by Cancan in an instant, causing countless stones to fly around.

“Meow?” (This powerful?)

Ziyun blinked its eyes, somewhat stunned.

It had always thought that smaller body size was better and that a large size like Cancan’s would seem clumsy and slow. But at this moment, its thoughts began to falter slightly.

It seems… it looks pretty cool!

“Can’t believe this is just the Marshal Level…” Xu Ran couldn’t help but gasp.

Each time Cancan reached a new growth stage, its size would increase about three times compared to before. If this rate continues, Cancan’s true size in the future could possibly be equivalent to that of a city.

Moreover, Cancan has Jiezimixu, a skill that can further multiply its size several times when it bursts out with full power…

Thinking about this, Xu Ran looked at Cancan with a strange look in his eye.

No wonder it came from an egg that he had chosen! Such extraordinary potential!

It seemed obvious that Cancan, who usually stayed in a small size, was feeling quite unrestrained now.

After smashing that small hill, it wasn’t done yet. It started to dig up the ground with its claws, piling up the dirt to form another small hill, and then smashed it again…

Seeing Cancan having such a good time, Xu Ran broke a massive stone flying towards him with a poker face, then turned to Ziyun and Star and said, “You two also try testing your power after breaking through here.”

“Meow-” (Noproblem!)

Ziyun glanced around and nodded slightly.

Although this was an Earth attribute environment, which suppressed Thunder Attribute, it was just right to test its own power.

“Zap ”

With a sound of electric arc piercing the air, Ziyun’s strange eyes were suddenly filled with purple electricity. It abruptly raised its head, targeting a fragment of rock flying towards it due to Cancan smashing the rocks, and in an instant, it was standing on top of it.

Stepping on the scattered fragments in the air, Ziyun displayed an ease and composure as if it were on flat ground. In a few moments, it was already high in the sky.

Looking at Star and Xu Ran, who were almost only two little dots down below, Ziyun’s gaze was electrifying. In an instant, it transformed its form, just like what it had shown in the C12 test area before, into a long knife harboring a terrifying aura.

The long knife slightly adjusted its direction in mid-air, then pointed at another hillside, stabbing fiercely through it, dragging a faint trace of purple and white light in mid-air.

A moment of silence followed, and countless electric arc light sparks branched off from every corner of the mountain peak. Accompanying a loud rumbling noise, the entire mountain peak crumbled under this terrible strike and turned into a pile of stones sparking with electricity.

“Charming?” (That strong?)@@novelbin@@

Taken aback by the enormous commotion, Cancan stopped what it was doing, turned its head to look in Ziyun’s direction. Seeing the scene after Ziyun’s strike, it involuntarily shrunk its head.

That’s scary, very scary-

Quickly shrinking to a pocket-size of about one meter, Cancan retreated back to Xu Ran’s side, its expression suddenly turning modest.

Touching Cancan’s head, Xu Ran looked up at the rainbow light flying at him.

Soon, the long knife transformed by Ziyun was hovering in front of him.

It didn’t return to its original form, making its intention clear.

“I was indeed just joking.” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, but couldn’t help but reach out and grip the hilt of the knife, formed by Ziyun’s tail-end.

He also wanted to know what kind of attack could be launched when the long knife turned into by the Marshal Level Ziyun matches with the Knife Intent that he had grasped.

“Xi Lu- ” (How about counting me in too?)

Looking at Xu Ran holding the long knife, Star’s eyes showed a trace of eagerness.

While Ziyun and Cancan were testing their Newborn Power, it didn’t take action because it didn’t have any attacking skills. If it wanted to try its power, it could only do it by assisting its teammates.