Chapter 405 - 249: The Battle Record That Surpassed Fang Canghai! _1

Chapter 405: Chapter 249: The Battle Record That Surpassed Fang Canghai! _1

In front of Test Area No. C12, Xu Ran and his three little ones stopped.

Behind them, numerous people were following, having noticed Xu Ran’s appearance. The crowd was even growing, as many people were currently calling their friends to come over.

Waving friendly to the crowd around them, Xu Ran set his gaze on Ziyun, “Are you ready?”

“Meow!” (I’m ready!)

Ziyun heavily nodded, looking serious, not as if it was about to undergo a combat power test, but as if it was about to face a life-or-death crisis.

Two days had passed since Xu Ran agreed with Xu Qjng about going to Monster Wooden City. Benefiting from the work of the Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card and the standard Acceleration Card, Xu Ran was close to reaching the Fourth Stage of Contract Power.

Tonight would be the time for his breakthrough to the Fourth Stage.

However, before the breakthrough, Ziyun had an obsession.

Although it was currently the first among the Leadership Stage Pet Beasts on Combat Power List, it still stood second on the Historical Rankings.

Ziyun turned its head, look far back at the list.

On the Historical Combat Power List, the name illuminated above its own seemed like a mountain standing tall for many years, an insurmountable peak.

“Top 1, Fang Canghai, Jade Mysterious Azure Dragon, Combat Power: 74398”

Today, what it had to do, was to overcome this mountainous obstacle.

Ziyun had this idea since the very first day when it saw the Beast Trainer Rankings.

No, the same can be said for Star and Cancan too.

But for them, surpassing Canghai at the Leadership Stage was out of reach. They would need to wait until they reached the General Stage to attempt this.

“Let’s go, we’ll go in together to watch.” After taking a deep breath, Xu Ran softly said.

While fulfilling Ziyun’s long-standing obsession, this was also the first attempt for Ziyun to use the Divine Punishment skill.

Over the past two days, Xu Ran hadn’t let Ziyun use the skill of Divine Punishment. After all, once launched, it had to suffer a backlash to use it again.

But now was an opportunity.

Although Xu Ran was somewhat worried about the severe backlash of Divine Punishment, as a key skill of Ziyun, he must fully understand the effect of the Divine Punishment skill. They couldn’t never try it.

The voice of one human and three beasts soon disappeared before Test Area No. C12.

But behind them, more and more people were gathering, and whispers began to spread among the crowd.

“Why has Boss Xu come here? Did he go to the wrong testing area?”

“Yeah, C12 Test Area corresponds to the Combat Power List of Leadership Stage Pet Beasts. His Flash Thunder Cat is already the current first and historical second on this list.”

“Is one of his other beasts to be tested?”

“It doesn’t look like it. Did you see the interaction between Boss Xu and the Flash Thunder Cat just now? Clearly, the Flash Thunder Cat is the one to be tested.”

“Could it be … Boss Xu’s goal is…”

‘Could it be

1

…? Considering certain possibilities, the onlookers all drew in a sharp breath.

In the crowd, a little girl with double ponytails moved her eyes and quickly squeezed out of the crowd. After reaching a quiet corner, she took out her cellphone and made a call.

“Hello? Sister Yu Ling, Boss Xu seems to be challenging Chairman Fang’s record!”

Inside the Test Area No. C12, Xu Ran, Star, and Cancan gradually retreated to the safety zone on the edge, leaving the battlefield to Ziyun and cast encouraging glances at it.

Feeling the encouragement from its companions, a purple light flashed and disappeared in Ziyun’s unique pupils, making its momentum suddenly rise. Around it, thunderous light and invisible power began to stir.

“Ding???? ”

Accompanied by a reverberating electronic sound within the testing area, the Transcendent Beings formed by energy appeared, their aura pulsating violently in the silence.

Each of these figures had the power at the Leadership Stage level.

And now, they would be the targets for Ziyun to test its strength.

The power surging around Ziyun intensified, with rampant electric lights tearing everything around it to shreds, and then it suddenly moved around its body, turning it into a pure energy form.

“Zap ”

Accompanied by the sound of an electric arc piercing through the air, Ziyun’s figure disappeared in an instance, like teleportation, and appeared in the sky.

The bones around its body crackled as the terrifying power continuously erupted. Its form was also rapidly changing.

The long tail lengthened and straightened with a series of cracking sounds, the fluffy fur quickly contracted, forming an extraordinarily hard hilt.

Its body and claws changed continuously, forming the blade of a long knife.

At the same time, an unstoppable and invincible powerful aura emerged with the changes in Ziyun’s body, steadily increasing, making the air around it seems almost solidified.

Four-Star Skill, Halo Level: Immortal Body!

Seeing this, Xu Ran’s expression became rather interesting.

He had only jokingly suggested Ziyun transforming into a knife, yet Ziyun had really turned into one?

In the void, the long knife intertwined with white and purple colors started to tremble slightly. In an instant, a fierce fighting spirit and killing intent soared into the sky.

The moment it turned into a knife, Ziyun’s mind became unprecedentedly clear.

As the most powerful beast in the team, it was initially the knife in Xu Ran’s hands.

And now, it would use its most powerful force to cut down all its opponents and climb over that seemingly insurmountable mountain!

The electric light circling around Ziyun seemed to condense, suddenly becoming still, even the momentum that had been on the rise, was frozen at this moment.

“Crack??? ”

Accompanied by a cracking sound that didn’t exist but resounded in the hearts of one man and two beasts, Ziyun’s aura quickly changed under their watchful eyes.

The wildly violent thunderforce no longer existed, nor did the subdued but vast power of the Fighting attribute. The two types of power that made up Ziyun’s strength disappeared without a trace at this moment.

Instead, it was replaced by a whole new power that had completely fused the two types of power together!

The long knife transformed by Ziyun swiftly dyed with black patterns in the void.

With the appearance of the patterns, a power that made both the master and the two Pet Beasts extremely anxious, revived within Ziyun’s body.

It was not the darkness of the deep night, but it was like a trace of destructive power that had gathered everything, compellingly descending to the world at this moment.

Four-star skill, Full Moon Level ? Divine Punishment!

“Meow…”(Too strong, isn’t it?)

Upon seeing the current state of Ziyun, Cancan couldn’t help but shrink its head. It had no doubt that even if it used all its skills and maximized its defence power, it would still be easily pierced under this knife.

The big sister at this moment gave it an extremely dangerous feeling!

“Xi Lu…”(So strong…)

Star’s eyes were shimmering, looking at the long knife ready to strike in the air, a hint of shock emerged in his eyes.

As expected, the big sister will always be the big sister.

Under the gaze of the master and two pets, the long knife transformed by Ziyun’s body slashed through the void and fell rapidly.

Even the space it passed by seemed unable to withstand such terrible power, uncontrollably setting off waves.

“Boom!!!”

Accompanied by a violent explosion, the black long knife swiftly plunged into the ground. The dark light burst from the sword in all directions, quickly sweeping all the Transcendent Beings in the vicinity. @@novelbin@@

“Crack-”

Under the master and the two pet’s gaze, an energy protective cover that was originally nearly transparent quickly turned a dark color, resisting the remaining waves of the collision.

But what was horrifying was that the energy protective cover couldn’t even stop the residual wave, quickly forming cracks.

The entire testing area fell into silence and darkness at the next moment. It took a long while for the waves to slowly stabilize.

Looking at the fighting arena that had regained its light but had a huge pit, and frightening cracks at the edge of the pit, Xu Ran took a deep breath, a shocked look on his face.

This one strike… actually ruined the testing area?!

Ziyun, already returned to her normal form, came back to Xu Ran’s side.

Looking at her piece of art, she stuck out her tongue and then cautiously spoke.

“Meow- ” (Can this still measure the combat power?)

“It should…right?” Xu Ran said with some uncertainty.

The next moment, a series of light characters emerged in the void, confirming his guess.

[Combat Power: 79999]

“Why does this number look so strange?” Upon seeing the combat power value, Xu Ran raised his eyebrows. “Could it be that the test has reached its limit?”

“Xi Lu-” (I think it should be.)

Star nodded in agreement on the side.

Ziyun’s abrupt burst of combat power was witnessed by everyone at the scene.

Even the testing field was destroyed with its horrifying strike.

Such a test result exceeding the testing limit seems to be taken for granted.

“So…” Xu Ran looked at Ziyun, a hint of excitement in his eyes, “The actual combat power might even be higher?”

“Meow-” (Of course!)

Ziyun proudly held her head up high.

I, Ziyun, am the strongest Pet Beast of the Leadership stage!

“Let’s go. We should return.” Xu Ran stroked Ziyun’s head. “After we return, we’ll stay guard while you go through the backlash”

Upon being reminded of the backlash, Ziyun’s expression immediately wilted.

Damn it!

“Yu Ling sister, you’re here!” The twin-tailed girl waved towards Fang Yuling who was rushing over and quickly walked up with an arm around her. “Boss Xu is about to challenge Chairman Fang’s first place on the Historical Rankings!” “Hmm, I saw it.” Looking at the crowd in front of the C12 test area from a distance, Fang Yuling’s face showed a complex expression.

This guy…

After surpassing her, he’s now setting his sights on the target that she wants to surpass?

Thinking of this, Fang Yuling couldn’t help but cast her gaze upon the Historical Rankings of Leadership Stage Pet Beasts.

Under her father’s far-leading ranking, the name ‘Xu Ran’ looked quite eye-catching.

“Second place, Starfire Foster, Flash Thunder Cat, Combat Power: 69128” Almost breaking the combat power of seventy thousand huh…

Seeing this record, Fang Yuling’s heart twitched a bit.

Xu Ran’s Flash Thunder Cat is still over five thousand combat points away from her father’s Jade Mysterious Azure Dragon.

This gap is not something that can be…

“Ding???? ”

An electronic sound spread throughout the Beast Trainer Ranking at this moment.

Watching the beam of light that had risen to the sky from the Historical Combat Power List, Fang Yuling stood frozen with her pupils sharply constricting.

How could it be…