Chapter 408 - 251: General Stage! Departure! _1

Chapter 408: Chapter 251: General Stage! Departure! _1

“Dad! You’re going to leave me hanging again!”

Seeing Fang Canghai’s astonished expression, Fang Yuling couldn’t help but roll her eyes.

Only in front of her father would she show such a demeanor.

“I’m not keeping you in suspense, it’s just that some things are not suitable for you to know too early… “Fang Canghai shook his head gently, and seeing the dangerous look in Fang Yuling’s eyes, he coughed lightly, “Alright, I’ll tell you. “Do you know about the ten attributes of pet beasts?”

Hearing Fang Canghai asking this question, which is common knowledge that almost everyone in this world knows, Fang Yuling couldn’t help rolling her eyes again, “Of course I know, so is it relevant to attribute hopping?” Of course.” Fang Canghai paused for a moment, showing no intention of giving a direct answer, he then continued to lead, “You have also seen the video record of the successful evolution into the Holy Spirit race preserved by the Transcendent Evolution Department.”

‘What do you think the attribute of the pet beast that evolved into the Holy Spirit race was after the evolution?”

Upon hearing this question, Fang Yuling was slightly stunned.

She had never thought about this question.

She knew the original attribute of the emperor species pet beast in the record, which was a light attribute pet.

But…

After Fang Canghai’s hint, she suddenly realized that the Holy Spirit that had completed the evolution didn’t possess any traits of a light attribute pet, as if it was no longer a light attribute species.

Before this, she would not have this kind of association. After all, the Holy Spirit race is mysterious, and all inexplicable things she would subconsciously believe to be the unique characteristics of the Holy Spirit race.

But, at this moment when her father mentioned the so-called attribute hop… Could it be…

“When evolving into the Holy Spirit race, does the attribute also change?!”

Sort of.” Fang Canghai gave an ambiguous answer, “The attack of 120,000 just now from that pet beast, doesn’t mean it has really reached such a level. “According to my estimation, its real combat power should be around 90,000. The extra came from the anomalous result of the attribute power.” “It should be a skill that has a similar effect as attribute hopping, causing the power of the attribute to fundamentally change for a short time, affecting the test results…” Fang Canghai paused, “You just said his name is Xu Ran, right?” “You seem to be familiar with him, could you tell me about him?” Fang Canghai was very interested in his daughter’s story.

There aren’t many Leadership Level Beast Masters that can interest him.

But the things Xu Ran showed just now are enough for him to pay attention to.

You haven’t finished talking!” Fang Yuling stared at Fang Canghai, “When evolving into the Holy Spirit race, how does the attribute change?” “You, this girl…” Fang Canghai shook his head helplessly, “Some things, knowing too early will only lead you astray.”

“So be it, I will give you another hint, aren’t you proud of being smart and having a talent for evolution research? Go do your own research.” Transcendent Beings have nine growth stages, and each growth stage should correspond to a skill proficiency level.”

“But why… are there only seven skill proficiency levels?”

“What happens after reaching the seventh stage?”

“This…” Fang Yuling’s pupils shrank slightly.

What happens when a skill reaches the seventh proficiency stage?

She is not really sure about this.

Because, even her father’s three pets, which are in the seventh growth stage – the Emperor Stage – their skill proficiency level is only in the full stage of the sixth stage — the Violent Sun Level.

Her father has another four pet beasts, which are still stuck at the Overlord Stage. It’s not because they can’t break through, but according to her father’s words, they still have a slight possibility of evolving into the Holy Spirit.

And without exception, all these four pet beasts have at least one skill that has touched the threshold of the seventh proficiency level – the Micro Light.

Wait…

Why is the seventh growth stage called the Micro Light Stage?!

At this moment, Fang Yuling’s mind was somewhat confused.

“Alright, alright, stop thinking about it.” Fang Canghai patted Fang Yuling’s shoulder, “I have already told you, now quickly tell me, what is the situation with this Beast Master?”

“Humph! You can find out by yourself!” Fang Yuling was still unhappy about her father’s obscure words. She stared at him, “I won’t tell you!” “You, this girl…” Watching Fang Yuling closing her room door, Fang Canghai shook his head helplessly, “Alright, I’ll ask by myself.”

He made a call with a quick swipe on his cellphone which was quickly connected.

“Little Li, help me look up a Beast Master named Xu Ran, the one who is number one in the three rankings of Leadership Level Beast Master.” After giving his instructions and hearing the affirmative response, Fang Canghai glanced at his daughter, “I’ll know about it in a while.”

Fang Yuling ignored him, her mind was still reverberating with many thoughts, as if she vaguely grasped something, but it wasn’t clear.

After a moment’s wait, Fang Canghai’s cellphone rang. The Association staff who had just conducted the inquiry began to report on Xu Ran’s situation.

He runs a Foster Shop? Is this what geniuses like to do now?” Fang Canghai laughed, but his expression faltered when he heard the subsequent report from the Association staff, “You said… his name disappeared from the current ranking?”

“What?!”

Fang Yuling, who was in a muddleheaded state, immediately came to her senses and abruptly raised her head to look at Fang Canghai.

Xu Ran s name disappeared from the current ranking?!

As for the rules of the Beast Trainer Ranking, Fang Yuling was all too familiar.

A Beast Master’s name disappearing from the current ranking could only signify one eventuality.

That is, the Beast Master either died, disappeared for a long time, or made a breakthrough.

Having just seen Xu Ran and his pets rushing to the top of the rankings not long ago, it wasn’t possible for him to disappear for a long time and death was equally unreasonable.

After all, in either of these cases, the Beast Master Association would need to verify and confirm before they would remove the name.

So, there was only one possibility that could be applicable.

Fang Yuling’s heart shook slightly.

The Beast Master badges issued by the Association have the effect of recording the level of strength. The only time when the Beast Master Ranking would perceive and result in a change in the ranking is during a breakthrough.

Xu Ran… has broken through the fourth stage of contract power!

That fast?!

“He’s already in the General stage?” Placing his cellphone down, Fang Canghai who had the same thought, stroked his chin, a hint of surprise crossing his face, “That’s interesting.”

“Give him two more months and he should be able to give me quite a surprise.” Ling’er”, Fang Canghai stroked Fang Yuling’s head, “Shall we visit this Beast

Master’s foster shop tomorrow?”

“Phew-”

Xu Ran slowly opened his eyes. A ray of light blue light instantly illuminates the entire room before quickly fading away.

In the heart of his eyebrows where the power of the contract is stored, the original three contract powers shaped like deep yellow spirals have now split into four, and their color has also changed from deep yellow to light blue. The power of the contract, fourth stage!

With the breakthrough comes the greater feedback of power from pet beasts and the brand-new contract ability.

This is a huge breakthrough, allowing pet beasts and Beast Masters to cooperate harmoniously during battles. At the same time, Beast Masters can sense the specific situations of their pet beasts even if they are far apart. Feeling his newly acquired power, Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction, then turned his attention to the three little ones in front of him.

Under the effect of the size-reduction skill, their bodies have not changed much with the breakthrough, and their appearances have not changed much. However, much greater power than the previous perfect leadership stage has already burst from the three pet beasts!

[Contract Pet Beast: Ziyun

Race name: Flash Thunder Cat

Attribute: Thunder Attribute, Fighting Attribute

Growth stage: General stage (139.OW/15OWX+]

Race Level: King Species

Skills: (omitted))

[Contract Pet Beast: Star

Race name: Star God Horse

Attribute: Dark Attribute

Growth stage: General stage (131w/150w)[+)

Race Level: King Species

Skills: (omitted)]

[Contract Pet Beast: Cancan

Race name: Panlong Turtle

Attribute: Earth attribute

Growth stage: General stage (134w/150w)[+)

Race Level: King Species

Skills: (omitted)]

Looking over the pet beast panel of the three little ones before him, Xu Ran nodded slightly.

The General stage, as expected, is a level where the pet beast’s power dramatically changes.

The upper limit of the three little ones’ power has directly changed from the previous three hundred thousand to one million five hundred thousand. If they take all-out action now, it’s an entirely different level from before.

“Meow!” (I’ve reached the General stage!)

There is a look of excitement in Ziyun’s eyes.

It clenched one of its forepaws tightly, a sudden, fierce light flashing in its eyes.

At this moment, it feels it could beat a hundred of its former self!

However…

Thinking of the Divine Punishment and Rebound it had just experienced, Ziyun quickly shrunk its head, its previously invincible aura fading a bit. @@novelbin@@

The price of being invincible, it’s too high…

“Xi Lu-” (I’ve also reached the General stage!)

Star neighed, a look of invigoration in its eyes.

It could feel that with the improvement in strength, all its faculties, including speed, had greatly increased!

Even after all this time, Star still couldn’t completely give up its pursuit of speed.

Now, it could run even faster!

“Sure-” (So how big am I really now?)

Unlike the other two little ones, Cancan, amidst its excitement, couldn’t help but scratch its head with its paw.

According to the previous pattern, its body size should continue to increase after the breakthrough to the General stage. But because it has always been controlling its body size with Jiezimixu, it doesn’t know how big it actually is now.

Looking around the room, Cancan sighed helplessly.

There probably isn’t a place right now where it can restore its normal body size.