Chapter 407 - 250: Divine Punishment And

Chapter 407: Chapter 250: Divine Punishment and

Rebound, Breakthrough!—2

With a neigh, Star and Ziyun were invisibly linked by chains. The power gushed towards Ziyun’s body relentlessly, aiding its quick recovery.

“Meow…”(This pain… it’s much stronger than exactly forcefully breaking through non-innate skills…)

After a while, Ziyun’s heterochromatic eyes sparkled again. It struggled for a bit and with Xu Ran’s help, it got up again, feeling the lingering fear.

Before this, the worst pain Ziyun had ever experienced was the rebound from forcefully trying to elevate a non-innate skill to three stars before it evolved.

But compared to just now, that pain was just trivial.

At the most intense moment of the Divine Punishment and rebound, Ziyun felt like every inch of its body was torn apart, nearly dying.

That feeling…

Ziyun made a pitiful face.

It swore, it would never use this skill lightly again!

“It’s good that you pulled through.” Xu Ran gently stroked Ziyun’s forehead to soothe it, and then whispered, “So we have a rough idea how intense the rebound from the Divine Punishment is, we can’t use it lightly in the future.”

Star and Cancan nodded in agreement.

Even as bystanders, they could feel Ziyun’s pain.

If it’s not necessary, let the two of them take the actions instead.

“Rest for a while longer, when your condition is at its best, we will make the breakthrough,” Xu Ran arranged a meditative posture on the bed and looked at

Ziyun.

The mention of a breakthrough brought anticipation to Star and Cancan’s faces. Even Ziyun, who had just been subjected to Divine punishment and rebound, and had yet to fully recover, became a little more animated.

About half an hour later, Ziyun completely escaped the negative effects of Divine punishment and rebound. As it returned to peak form, it also regained

its spirit.

“Meow!” (Let’s start!)

Filled with zeal again, Ziyun made an expectant sound.

“Xihi!” (General stage, here I come!)

“Charming!” (I, Cancan Emperor, will break through to the general stage today!)

Watching the three little ones excited, Xu Ran smiled slightly and slowly closed his eyes.

Not long after he came to this world, when he first encountered danger, Gu Wu, who happened to be passing by, effortlessly solved the problem for him and dispersed the beast tide with a wave of his hand.

Since then, the General stage has become a synonym for power in his heart.

Even after subsequently seeing King level and even Overlord level Beast Masters, this initial impression was still indelible in his heart.

After all the twists and turns, now it was time for him to breakthrough to the General stage.

Come on! Fourth stage of contract power!

Under the effect of the Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card, Xu Ran’s fluctuating emotions quickly calmed down. As he took a breath, he fell into deep meditation.

“Thud-”

With a dull sound, a villa’s luxurious door was slowly closed by Fang Yuling.

A middle-aged man with a calm face was leaning on a sofa in the living room, reading a newspaper. Hearing the sound, he raised his head and smiled when he saw Fang Yuling, “Didn’t you just go out? How come you’re back so soon?” Fang Yuling remained silent, walking in front of the middle-aged man, looking at her father who she had always been proud of.

“Dad, someone has surpassed your performance on the Historical Rankings and broke the upper limit of the list.”

“Uh?”

Fang Canghai’s expression remained calm when he heard the first half of the sentence. But when he heard the second half, it changed dramatically.

“Someone broke the upper limit of the list?” He quickly took out his cellphone, “Which list?”

“Leadership Stage Pet Beast Combat List.”

“Let me see.” Fang Canghai nodded and quickly accessed the relevant information with his privileges.

Though reaching the upper limit means the Beast Trainer Ranking wouldn’t display any higher value, the backend would keep a record and he could still check it.

Soon, the real combat power value of Xu Ran appeared before his eyes.

“Almost 120,000 combat power?” Fang Canghai raised his eyebrows, “I seem to have some impression, this Beast Master is the one who surpassed you earlier and achieved first place in the three lists of Leadership Level Beast Masters, right?”

Normally, the busy and routine tasks of Fang Canghai wouldn’t allow him to pay attention to the Beast Masters on the level of Leadership Level, even if they were ranked first on all three lists.

However, due to his daughter, Fang Canghai paid more attention to this level’s list. Coupled with reports from his subordinates, it naturally left an impression on him.

“It’s him.” Fang Yuling nodded.

“Let me think…” Fang Canghai’s leaning motion increased slightly, he closed his eyes and rubbed his eyebrows, his expression became a bit solemn.

Though he told his daughter some details, he did not completely tell the truth. The setting of the upper limit for each list in the Beast Trainer Ranking is taken very seriously.

Theoretically, it could cover the maximum strength of the species’ rank which should be at that stage.

In other words, as long as it was a Leadership Stage-King Species, it would almost be impossible to exceed the upper limit of the Leadership Stage Pet Beast Attack Power List.

Unless…

The opposing side used some special means.

Or the opposing side was no longer a Leadership Stage-King Species, but a Leadership Stage-Emperor Species.

Thinking of this, Fang Canghai couldn’t help but take out his cellphone again. With his authority, he pulled out the video record of Xu Ran’s clearance.

He would like to see what exactly this Beast Master’s situation was.

“Can I have a look?” Fang Yuling, who figured out her father’s intention, suddenly spoke up.

“Hmmm…” Fang Canghai glanced at his daughter, hesitated for a moment, “Come over and have a look, but don’t spread it.”

“Okay!” Fang Yuling nodded vigorously and quickly sat next to her father. As Fang Canghai pressed the play button, the video of Ziyun going into action began to replay before Fang Yuling and her father.

“An unseen species.” Seeing Ziyun for the first time, Fang Canghai’s face showed surprise, “Thunder, Fighting Double Attributes? I have never heard of this type of cat species before.”

“That’s the Flash Thunder Cat. Xu Ran gave it the Fighting Attribute during the evolution process.” Fang Yuling said.

“Gained a second attribute during the evolution process?” The surprise in Fang Canghai’s eyes deepened. Without continuing to inquire, father and daughter quietly continued watching.

Soon, they saw Ziyun leap into the air and transform into a long saber-shaped image. @@novelbin@@

“No, this skill seems wrong.” Fang Canghai pressed the pause button and frowned, “The intensity of this skill has exceeded the level of a Halo Level Three Star Skill, why does it look like a Four Star Skill?”

He then took another look at Ziyun’s combat situation. Make sure the surroundings are still covered by the King’s Power, not the Imperial Crown. “It should not have reached the Emperor Species yet.”

“Xu Ran must have some special method.” Fang Yuling was silent for a moment, suddenly recalling Xu Ran’s previous visit to the Transcendent Evolution Department, and his vague mention of the method of Flash Thunder Cat’s evolution.

When it was a Leadership Species, Xu Ran had already upgraded all the talent skills of the Flash Thunder Cat before its evolution to three stars. This sounded incredibly unbelievable.

Since Xu Ran could achieve this, then perhaps he could also upgrade the talent skills of the Flash Thunder Cat to four stars.

At this moment, a strong curiosity surged in Fang Yuling’s heart.

She really wanted to know how exactly Xu Ran achieved this.

“You don’t seem to be surprised?” Fang Canghai couldn’t help but glance at Fang Yuling, put down this investigation for the time being, and clicked to continue playing.

This skill was indeed very powerful and it might allow the pet beast to exceed the limit, but an attack power as high as 120,000 had far exceeded the limit. It seemed impossible to achieve just with a four-star skill.

The next moment, Fang Canghai’s expression changed.

The process of executing the Divine Punishment skill appeared before his eyes. “This is…” Fang Canghai’s expression became unprecedentedly solemn, “Attribute Jumping?”

“What?” Fang Yuling, who was also surprised by the powerful strength revealed by Ziyun at this moment, heard her father mention a new term and couldn’t help but turn her head to look at him.

“Nothing.” Fang Canghai shook his head, “I understand how this combat power of 120,000 came about.”