Chapter 403 - 248: Goodbye Xu Qing L

Chapter 403: Chapter 248: Goodbye Xu Qing l

“What’s the effect of the new skill?”

Seeing Ziyun’s excited face as he grasped the new skill, Xu Ran asked with a smile.

“Charming” (Sis, spill it quickly!)

Subconsciously extending her paw, Cancan wanted to nudge Ziyun, but halfway through, she timidly withdrew it and then started to urge with her voice.

“Xi Lu~” (Does the new skill have any significant side effects?)

Star made a hissing sound, concern evident in its eyes.

In its opinion, while it was essential for a new skill to unleash significant power, if it had severe side effects, then its usage would be limited.

Most importantly, if the new skill consumed a lot of energy, Ziyun would need more power supplement during his daily training, and that’s when the Fate Necklace would come into play even more than before.

So…

Does this mean it can raise the price?

Star was calculating in its heart, its concern growing even more intense.

“Meow…” (This skill…)

Under the watchful eyes of the two pets and their owner, Ziyun didn’t beat around the bush and promptly spoke of the new skill’s effect.

Divine Punishment, as a new skill formed by the fusion of four burst type skills, still retained its explosive nature.

However, its skill effect was somewhat different from what the master and his pets had expected.

According to their previous expectations, the four-star skill after fusion should be able to amplify both Thunder Attribute and Fighting Attribute powers.

But in reality, Divine Punishment doesn’t just amplify; it fuses.

Yes, it fuses the powers of the two attributes together.

During the execution of Divine Punishment, Ziyun’s thunder force and fighting force would briefly fuse into a new kind of power, neither belonging to Thunder Attribute nor Fighting Attribute, and unleash a terrifying strike with this fresh force.

This power is known as Divine Punishment Power!

Although it only lasts for one strike, this strike’s intensity far surpasses the amplifications brought by using Crimson Gold Electroplating or Scarlet Battle Intent individually.

More notably, there’s the side effect of Divine Punishment.

This was the point that the master and his pets cared about most before fusion.

The first side effect of the Divine Punishment skill is that it has a rather long cooldown period. With Ziyun’s current Full Moon Level skill proficiency, it can only be used once every two days.

However, as the skill proficiency improves, the cooldown period will shorten.

As for the second side effect of Divine Punishment…

Due to the heaven-defying nature of Divine Punishment, Ziyun has to undergo a corresponding Divine Punishment and Rebound after each execution; and before completing the Divine Punishment Rebound, the Divine Punishment skill can’t be activated again.

However, a plus point is that Ziyun can choose when to start the Divine Punishment Rebound; he won’t be rendered combat incapable immediately after a single strike during battles.

He can wait until the battle ends and he is in a safe environment before accepting the rebound.

“Sounds like this skill is indeed much better than the previous four.” Xu Ran stroked his chin and pondered after hearing Ziyun’s introduction, “Now only one last question remains.”

“How strong is Divine Punishment’s rebound?”

“Meow-” (It’s a little scary-)

Hearing Xu Ran mention this, Ziyun’s face exhibited a tinge of fear.

Though he hasn’t officially used this skill yet, every time a new skill emerges, along with the influx of skill information into his mind, a wealth of experience using the skill also floods in, and Divine Punishment is no exception.

Through these memories, he could indirectly feel the horror of Divine Punishment’s rebound.

The rebound was like a punishment brought upon by heaven and earth.

“That serious…” Xu Ran’s face was filled with helplessness, “Then you should refrain from using it casually.”

“Meow-” (Alright-)

Ziyun nodded faintly.

While he had lost a skill for regular use, he had gained a trump card for crucial moments.

More importantly, he had once been clueless about how to slay King Stage Extraordinary Beings, but now, after ascending to General Stage, he felt there was a chance he could pull it off.

“Meow-” (There’s also the second three-star Skill Scroll.)

Ziyun tugged at Xu Ran with his paw, urging him.

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded, applying the remaining Skill Scroll to Ziyun’s only remaining two-star skill, Falling Thunder.

[★★ Falling Thunder (Full Moon Level)] (4976/10000) [+]

[★★★ Heavenly Thunder Strike (Full Moon Level)] (4976/10000) [+]

“Meow-” (This skill is not bad.)

Since it only ascended to three stars, Ziyun quickly accepted the situation with the new skill and nodded in satisfaction.

Compared to the original Falling Thunder, the new skill didn’t have much change in form, only its power was incomparable to before.

With this, the skill could be fused with the other three-star skills in the subsequent resource distribution.

“As I recall, you said once Falling Thunder is upgraded to three stars, it should be fused with Puncture Thunder Spear and Thunder Penalty Gun.” Xu Ran suddenly spoke, “Therefore, the fourth three-star skill to be fused should be from the Fighting Attribute.”

“Meow-” (We’ll see later.)

Ziyun squinted his eyes, unable to think of a suitable skill for the time being. @@novelbin@@

“No problem, we can exchange Skill Fragments.” Xu Ran laughed, “When fusing Heavenly Thunder Strike, I’ll help you try out which skill is more compatible.”

“Meow-” (That sounds good..)