Chapter 412: 254: Monster Wooden Marketplace!

Chapter 412: Chapter 254: Monster Wooden Marketplace!

“Boss Xu, this is the store that the Association has prepared for you.”

Under the guidance of a staff member of the Demon Wood City Beast Trainer Association, Xu Ran, and the Three Little Ones, appeared in front of a large building within the Demon Wood City.@@novelbin@@

“It’s quite big.” Xu Ran looked up at the building in front of him, which covered an area as large as a basketball court and was about a dozen stories high. He nodded in satisfaction, “Which floor is my store on?”

“Which floor?” Hearing Xu Ran’s question, the staff member was slightly stunned before comprehending, and then he laughed, “Boss Xu misunderstood.”

“The whole building is yours.”

Xu Ran: “???”

He couldn’t help but look up and carefully observe the building in front of him again. Then he turned to the staff member with a smile on his face, “Are you saying that this entire building is my store?”

“Yes.” The staff member nodded slightly, while feeling a little puzzled and odd.

Before this, the Demon Wood City had invited many foster shops to settle in. Foster shops take up a large area and would thus not be cheap, so the Demon Wood City offered them a discount and tax reductions for several years in the future.

However, to this young man, the Association of Demon Wood City offered a free store and a total tax exemption.

Is his washing and protection technique so important to the Association? Or does he have something else that the Association needs?

Suppressing his thoughts, the smile on the staff member’s face deepened, “Boss Xu, here are the documents related to the property. Please keep them safe.”

“…Okay.” Taking the documents from the staff member, Xu Ran was still somewhat dazed.

Property is very expensive in this world.

Although he didn’t lack money at present, receiving such a generous gift upon arrival at the Demon Wood City gave him the feeling of owing a favor.

“I really appreciate the Association’s kindness.”

“You’re too kind, Boss Xu.” The staff member chatted for a while, and after completing his task, he turned and left, leaving Xu Ran, the three little ones, and a vacant building behind.

“It seems that this time we might not need to set our foster space underground.” Looking at his new store, Xu Ran’s face showed more anticipation.

[The system has detected that the host owns a new store in the Demon Wood City. Shall the system carry out renovations?]

[Yes] [No]

Xu Ran naturally chose [Yes]. Looking at the countdown of six hours in front of him and then turning his head to look at the nearly midday sky, he helplessly spread his hands, “Very well, I can’t open for business today.”

Until the countdown ended and the store was successfully renovated, it was just in time for the end of the business day.

“Since that’s the case, let’s go around the Demon Wood City.” Looking at the three little ones who were also very curious about this brand new city, Xu Ran happily began.

After meeting with the Twelve, his view and understanding of wild super creatures also changed.

Wild Super Creatures do not necessarily detest humans, they have their own emotions and communities.

In that case, humans might not necessarily be incapable of peacefully coexisting with the other super creatures in the Beast Field, maintaining a peaceful situation.

As the only known city with peaceful coexistence between humans and super creatures, the Demon Wood City is worth more of his thought and consideration.

The three little ones and him, were ready to set off immediately.

“Selling Elite Stage Resources! Various types of resources available, welcome to shop, prices are favorable! Only accepting Beast Master Points!”

“Roar     ”

“High-quality Pet Beast Species, come take a look!”

“Roar-”

In the midst of lively peddling mixed with occasional roars of super creatures, Xu Ran and the three little ones all showed interest.

After asking several pedestrians along the way, they finally found the Monster Wooden Marketplace, which was said to be the busiest place in the Demon Wood City.

The city coexists peacefully with wild super creatures outside, and naturally this led to communication between the two. With time, trading resources and other necessities became the norm.

Translating the currency system of humans for super creatures was difficult, hence to fulfill the barter needs of both parties, the Monster Wood Marketplace was created.

Here, super creatures can bring out their gathered rare resources in exchange for items needed from human society.

Humans also found a peaceful way to obtain resources.

Just hearing the description, Xu Ran and the three little ones were already full of fascination for the Monster Wooden Marketplace. Seeing the bustling scene of the marketplace now, they couldn’t help but want to join in immediately.

However, before they could enter, a skinny boy who looked like he was still underage appeared in front of Xu Ran and the three little ones.

He sized up Xu Ran and the three little ones who had hidden their aura and did not display the majesty of their General Stage. A smile appeared on his face, “Mr. Beast Master, do you need a translator?”

“Need what?” Xu Ran blinked, confused.

“Well, there are many wild super creatures coming and going here, and they have all sorts of races. Each race’s language is different.” The boy chuckled, “For foreigners wanting to communicate with them, it can be quite difficult.”