Chapter 416: 256 Battle Of Ten Thousand Tribes !_2

Chapter 416: Chapter 256 Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes !_2

The Beast Emperor is personally presiding over it?

Xu Ran and the three little ones all showed surprised expressions.@@novelbin@@

“It is said that the origin of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes is because the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Mysterious Wood set a rule in the Monster Wooden Domain, prohibiting indiscriminate slaughter and troublemaking. However, every year a large number of Transcendent Beings are punished for breaking these rules.”

“The reason being that some species are naturally warlike and murderous, and they struggle to control their impulses over time.”

Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Like the Combat Furball, who managed to forcefully suppress its own impulses, even showing signs of evolution from over-suppression, is rare.

Most Transcendent Beings with a fiery and impulsive temperament are unable to thoroughly control their tempers, they often lose control, making it difficult to strictly follow the rules of Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.”

“Considering it would be better to channel their impulses than try to suppress them, the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Mysterious Wood eventually decided to hold a competition across the entire Monster Wooden Domain every year, letting these warlike tribes fight to their hearts’ content.”

“With such a method of diffusion, the order in the Monster Wooden Domain did actually get much better, hence, the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes continued until now.”

Having said this, Li Tutu couldn’t help but glance in the direction of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

“Though the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Mysterious Wood has stopped producing Mystical Wood Dew for the past few months, and seldom responds to other Transcendent Beings and humans, it has made it clear that this Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes will proceed as usual.”

Xu Ran nodded in understanding, also looking in the direction of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

Mystical Wood Dew, which as Xu Qing previously mentioned, is the dew born from the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Mysterious Wood and has a special washing and protection effect.

It’s said that the Mystical Wood Dew is the product of the diffusion of the power of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood. In the past, hundreds of thousands of drops were produced every day. Even the weakest tribes in the Monster Wooden Domain were able to gather a considerable amount.

However, no Mystical Wood Dew has been produced for nearly four months now.

Previously, when strolling through the Monster Wooden Marketplace, Xu Ran found that many of the pet beasts of the Transcendent Beings and human Beast Masters in the marketplace had significant Washing and Protection requirements. This was due to the shortage of Mystical Wood Dew.

“How is the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes fought?” Xu Ran asked with a curious look on his face.

Apart from Transcendent Level Beast Masters, higher-level Beast Masters all have more than one pet beast at the corresponding growth stage contracted, giving them an overwhelming advantage in a competition against Transcendent Beings.

It would seem that there must be some restrictions in this regard, right?

“Erm, about that…” Li Tutu scratched his head and looked at Xu Ran, “The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes is held in different tiers according to strength.”

“General stage Extraordinary Beings and General Level Beast Masters belong to the same division, but General Level Beast Masters can only utilize the power of one pet beast at any given time.”

Li Tutu paused for a moment, “You can switch midway, but you cannot summon two or more at the same time.”

“I see.” Xu Ran nodded.

In this way, the situation of Beast Masters outnumbering the Transcendent Beings is avoided.

But strictly speaking, even so, Beast Masters still hold some advantage in such a competition.

After all, having more pet beasts means more variability.

Of course, Beast Masters also have weaknesses, such as their own strength being weaker, which could become the Achilles heel during a battle with a pet beast.

“As for the style of the competition…” Li Tutu paused for a moment, “It takes place on a platform constructed by the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself, in a king of the hill type battle.”

“At that time, the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Mysterious Wood will form a special battlefield with one hundred leaves using its branches. Each leaf represents a platform. If you can ascend and hold your position until the end of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, you can win the corresponding ranking.” “King of the hill?” Xu Ran was interested.

This was something new that he had never tried before.

In just a moment, his mind was already filled with countless ways he could utilize this for advertising.

“Yes,” Li Tutu nodded, seeming to remember something, and then added, “And depending on your rank in the king of the hill battle, you will receive different rewards.”

“I heard that the reward for the first place in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes this year at the General Level is something called a… something vein crystal.” “Extreme Source Vein Crystal?!” Xu Ran was startled and blurted out subconsciously.

“Yeah, that’s it!” Li Tutu quickly nodded.

“Meow?! (What?!)”

Ziyun, who was initially lying lazily by the side, instantly raised its fur in surprise at this moment.

It opened its differently colored eyes wide and stared intensely at Li Tutu.

Aren’t these my evolution resources?

“…What’s up?” Sensing the strange atmosphere, Li Tutu tentatively asked for some clarification.

“Nothing.” Xu Ran shook his head slightly, “The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, where do I sign up for it?”

He never expected that one of the main materials for Ziyun’s evolution would appear in front of them this way.

Previously, in the point redemption list of the Beast Master Association in Xieyun City, Xu Ran wasn’t able to find it!

However, thinking about the fact that the one who made the offer was a Beast Emperor, Xu Ran felt somewhat relieved.

It wouldn’t be strange for a Beast Emperor, who has been operating in the Beast Field for many years, to have all kinds of resources in their hands.

Speaking of which…

If he had a chance to directly communicate with the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood after participating in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, could he ask for hints about the whereabouts of the other missing main material for Ziyun’s evolution?

Upon this thought, Xu Ran felt even more strongly that he absolutely couldn’t miss out on this Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

If he performed well, he could not only make his name known by completing the task 4 of the main task but also gain one of the main materials for Ziyun’s evolution, and even have the chance to inquire about the whereabouts of the other main material for Ziyun’s evolution.

Three victories in one shot.

“Well, you can sign up at the Beast Master Association.” Li Tutu glanced at Xu Ran and added hopefully, “Mr. Xu, are you planning to participate? If so, I’ll definitely be there to cheer for you on the scene!”

“I’m planning to give it a try.” Xu Ran smiled, changing the subject, “It’s getting late, I plan to leave.”

“Today, thank you for being my guide and translator.”

“It’s my duty!” Li Tutu responded brightly, “Goodbye, Mr. Xu!”

Xu Ran waved to Li Tutu, perched on the broad back of Star, holding Ziyun and Cancan, turned into a dark shadowy figure, and quickly disappeared from sight.

“Truly a General Level Beast Master.” Watching Xu Ran’s departing figure, a sense of envy and admiration flickered in Li Tutu’s eyes.

“When can I be as powerful?”

After standing still for a moment, Li Tutu abruptly shook his head, slapped his cheeks with both hands, then turned towards a certain booth in the Monster Wooden Marketplace.

This booth had the most comprehensive collection of resources in the whole Monster Wooden Marketplace, and its prices were very fair.

Because behind this booth, was the Beast Master Association of the Monster Wooden City.

Using the twenty Beast Master Points that he had just earned, Li Tutu picked a few transcendent-level resources at the booth, handed his Beast Master Badge to the booth owner, and said, “I’ll take these resources.”

“Thank you for your business-”

The booth owner took Li Tutu’s Beast Master Badge with a warm smile, swiped it on the relevant device, deducted the consumed points, and returned it to Li Tutu.

Just as Li Tutu was about to reach for his badge, he hesitated.

“What do you think of the young man you just met?” The booth owner lowered his voice subtly as he asked.

“Mr. Xu is a very friendly person.” Li Tutu replied calmly, not betraying any emotion.

“Friendly, eh…” The booth owner slowly released his grip on the Beast Master Badge, a thoughtful expression appearing on his face, “That’s good.”

“One hundred Beast Master Points have been transferred to your account.”

“Thank you!” Upon hearing this, Li Tutu’s face immediately lit up with joy. “Then, I’ll pick a few more resources.”

“Recycling points, huh? Go ahead, choose whatever you want!”

The booth owner flashed a sly smile, waved to Li Tutu, allowing him to choose freely, then gazed in the direction where Xu Ran disappeared.

“To let such a talented Beast Master just slip away, Xieyun City really is….”