Chapter 418: 258 Is Your Shop This Cheap? !

Chapter 418: Chapter 258 Is your shop this cheap? !

Entering the store was a young man with a naive and somewhat boyish demeanor. He looked around at the store’s decorwith curiosity, his face lighting up with amazement.

“Your store’s decoration is beautiful!”

“Thank you for your compliment.” Xu Ran smiled, “May I know what services you need?”

“Do you have washing and protection services?” The young man hesitated a bit before cautiously asking, “Since there haven’t been any Mystical Wood Dew for so long, I heard that some Foster Shop in the town have started offering bathing services.”

“Yes, we do.” Xu Ran nodded, “The price list is behind you.”

“Really?! ” Clearly, stumbling upon the service he needed in the first Foster Shop he walked into has the boy practically ecstatic. When he turned his head to where Xu Ran was pointing and saw the price menu on the wall, his face showed even more excitement.

“Is it so cheap?!”

Mystical Wood Dew ceased to exist months ago, and only a few Foster Shops in Monster Wooden City can offer bathing services for pet beasts.

Given the supply-demand imbalance, the price of bathing services has naturally soared.@@novelbin@@

But seeing the price of the washing services at this shop, the boy was surprised to find that it was a full forty to fifty percent cheaper than elsewhere.

Hearing the young man’s exclamation, Xu Ran, who had just been prepared to say “you get what you pay for,” held his tongue for a moment, swallowing his words back down.

It was the first time that someone found the prices at the Starfire Foster Care Shop cheap.

He momentarily felt as though he had priced things wrongly on the menu.

But clearly, that was an illusion.

There was no issue with the prices on the menu, the real issue was the undeveloped bathing industry within Monster Wooden City.

After only a moment’s hesitation, Xu Ran displayed an obvious expression.

“Yes, as you can see, our washing service prices are indeed cheap and affordable.”

“Is it so cheap because the effect is not good?” The young man, quite reasonably, looked a touch worried.

After all, he had just walked into what seemed to be a brand-new store, with no reputation to speak of just yet, and he had no idea about the quality of their services.

“Rest assured, I will do my best to treat each pet beast that comes to our shop with care.” Xu Ran’s expression conveyed unwavering reliability.

“Well, in that case, I’ll bring it in for a bath!” The boy’s face lit up with anticipation, swiftly turning around and hurrying out of the shop, leaving Xu Ran clueless behind him.

It?

Was he talking about his pet beast?

If it was his pet beast, why didn’t he just summon it directly?

“Xi Lu~ ” (I have a feeling that what the other party is going to bring for a bath may not necessarily be his pet beast.)

Star, who had been watching the whole process, suddenly voiced out her thoughts after a flash of consideration in her eyes.

“Not his pet beast?” Xu Ran stroked his chin, “Then let’s wait and see what he’s going to bring.”

The young man seemed to live nearby. He didn’t keep Xu Ran and the three little ones waiting long before he returned, standing once again at the entrance of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

And behind him was an adorably simple-minded creature.

It was a transcendent being covered in grey-black fur that looked a bit like a raccoon, but was about two meters tall.

[Race name: Earth Raccoon

Attribute: Earth

Growth Step: Elite Stage

Body Type: Medium

Needs for Washing and Protection: ★★★★☆

Evaluation: An earth raccoon that hasn’t experienced the joy of a bath for several months, it needs to be thoroughly pleased by the host’s skillful hands, making up for the long-lost experience!]

Xu Ran’s mouth twitched slightly.

No matter which city, the system’s appraisals are always so unserious.

“Da Xiong, this is the place!” The boy slapped Da Xiong’s slightly protruding and resilient belly, chuckling, “I promised you before that I would get you a bath, and now I’m fulfilling that promise.”

“Ooof~”

The Earth Raccoon surveyed the interior of the store, nodded in satisfaction, belaying expectation on its face.

From the time when Mystical Wood Dew ceased to exist until now, it had been several months since it had properly cleaned its body. Even though it’s a species that isn’t particularly clean, the uncomfortableness still bothered it.

“This way, please.” Xu Ran smiled, “The Beast Master can choose to accompany the pet beast for the bath, or wait in the rest area on the side.”

“Beast Master?” The young man blinked and then burst into laughter, “I’m not Da Xiong’s Beast Master, we are good brothers.”

“Good brothers?” Xu Ran glanced at the young man, then at the Earth Raccoon standing next to him, its expression rather innocent.

The latter seemed to be an untamed transcendent creature that had not signed a contract with humans.

Such a situation would be virtually implausible in other cities, but in Monster Wooden City, following what he witnessed yesterday, Xu Ran found it pretty normal.

“Although I’m not a Beast Master, I’d like to accompany it for the bath, is that alright?” After explaining, the young man looked at Xu Ran with expectant eyes, obviously, he was quite curious about Xu Ran’s bathing services.

“Of course.”

Xu Ran nodded, leading the young man and the Earth Raccoon into the grooming room.

Soon after, exclamations of surprise echoed from within the grooming room.

“Wow! Your store’s bathing area is so high-end?”

“Absolutely, when it comes to washing, we’re professionals.” Xu Ran smiled, watching the young man gauge the room curiously from left to right. He then pointed to the care platform for medium-sized pet beasts, “Earth Raccoon, lie down over there.”