Chapter 410: 252 Run! At Top Speed!!_2

This moment was indeed the best opportunity.

“Alright.” Xu Ran nodded without refusing Star’s invitation, quickly climbed onto its broad back, tightened his grip on the long knife transformed from Ziyun, and a look of high spirits appeared on his face, “Go!”

“Xi Lu Lu-”

Star let out a roar, and beams of starlight emerged from the void behind it, turning into a bridge that linked it and Xu Ran. The power of the two was instantly connected together, and then progressively augmented under the additional enhancement from Fated Star Pulling.

Two million… four million… six million!

A terrifying momentum surged around Xu Ran and Star, and an even more overwhelming power surged towards the long knife formed by Ziyun at this moment.

Not only the power belonging to Xu Ran and Star, but it also contained a hint of Knife Intent that Xu Ran mastered.

“Buzz-”

The long knife transformed from Ziyun was trembling violently at this moment.

Under normal circumstances, it definitely could not bear the influx of several times its own power, much less bear that hint of Knife Intent.

However, after being transformed into a long knife with the Immortal Body, Ziyun has also been greatly reinforced in this aspect, so it can withstand such an overwhelming power and is still safe and sound, even looking somewhat excited.

Even, its own thunder attribute power was also surging at this moment, as if it was trying to respond to Xu Ran’s power!

Watching this scene, Cancan seemed to be lost in deep thought.

Something seems wrong.

“…Cha?” (…What about me?)

At this moment, it suddenly got the feeling of being left behind by the team.

Why does everyone else get to fuse but not it?!

No! It wanted to fuse with Xu Ran too!@@novelbin@@

A thoughtful expression appeared in Cancan’s eyes.

Star could fuse with Xu Ran because it had a unique auxiliary skill, Fated Star

Pulling, which it couldn’t learn.

However, it could definitely try Ziyun’s method!

Isn’t it just adding a special skill to change itself during the skill fusion? It could do it!

Cancan’s gaze traveled over Xu Ran’s body and then landed on Xu Ran’s bare

torso.

Armor, set it up!

With a quick turn of thought, Cancan’s gaze became firm.

It would incorporate this skill in the skill fusion next time!

Still oblivious to Cancan’s plan to guide him towards the direction of beast armor, Xu Ran, who was feeling much stronger than before, drew a deep breath, focusing his gaze on the highest peak within the Earth Attribute Training Area.

It was a towering peak that reached straight into the clouds, like a pillar supporting the entire sky, an impressive sight at first glance.

Use it to test how powerful he was now!

With a low shout, Xu Ran gripped the handle of the long knife even tighter, and then violently swung it towards the distant mountain peak.

A black-ink-like blade light, in a blink of an eye, swung out from the blade.

The quiet edge was as silent as the deep night, cutting through the void in an instant without making a sound at all. However, anyone who paid close attention would feel an extremely terrifying and sharp power concealed within

it.

At the forefront of the blade, a line of purple light stood out prominently.

What should have been a wildly violent thunder attribute power was being subjected, at this moment, under the influence of the blade’s momentum, to become tame. However, anyone could sense how terrifying the attack would be once it was allowed to explode.

In just a blink of an eye, the blade light bridged a distance of thousands of meters, under the focused gaze of Xu Ran and his three pets, slashing towards the giant peak’s waist.

A bundle of purple-black lightning suddenly exploded from the waist of the giant peak, followed immediately by a large cloud of dust that completely covered the blade’s cut.

After a few noticeable tremors, the giant peak began to slowly tilt, the horrifying crack at the waist spread under the force of gravity, eventually encircling the entire waist of the mountain, dividing the peak in two.

The front part of the giant peak, under the dumbstruck gaze of Xu Ran and his three pets, crashed to the ground with a loud bang.

“Boom!!!”

A wave of an intense blast suddenly echoed through the entire Earth attribute training field. The entire place trembled violently at this moment, as if it were about to collapse.

Even when the King Species trained here before, there has never been such a huge fluctuation. Xu Ran’s combined effort with Star and Ziyun has reached the upper limit of the training space that can only accommodate King Stage Pet Beast training!

The next moment, as if the world was spinning, Xu Ran and the three pets were forcibly teleported back to the elevator for the first-floor foster area leading to the training area.

Looking at the now dim Earth attribute button, Xu Ran couldn’t help scratching his head, “It seems like…we broke the Earth attribute training area?

The three little ones glanced at each other, overcome with excitement, but also feeling a bit helpless.

” Sure?” (Can it be repaired?)

A look of worry appeared on Cancan’s face.

If the Earth attribute was destroyed, how would it train in the future?

Xu Ran pressed the dim Earth attribute symbol with his hand, and the worry on his face quickly disappeared.

Because the moment he pressed it, a countdown appeared before his eyes.

[23:59:52]

It seems that the training area needs to be restored for a day after it collapses. “It’s fine, it can be used after a day.” Xu Ran patted Cancan’s head, “Besides, we are going to Monster Wooden City today, it won’t delay your training.”

“Sure-” (That would be great.)

Cancan quickly sighed in relief.

With this little interruption, Xu Ran and the three pets gave up the idea of continuing to test their power. Knowing that everyone’s combined power was not weaker than that of the King Stage, it was already enough.

Without disturbing the residents in the foster area, Xu Ran, and the three pets returned to their second-floor room. As dawn broke and the time agreed with Xu Qing arrived, they brought the luggage they had prepared earlier and set off together.

After waiting for a while at the agreed place, Xu Ran saw a middle-aged man dressed in a strong outfit with an impressive aura.

The man came straight towards him after seeing him. This made Xu Ran quickly realize the man’s identity, “Are you Senior Sun Tianchao?” “It’s me.” Sun Tianchao nodded slightly as he looked at Xu Ran. But then he abruptly noticed the aura of the three little ones standing behind Xu Ran, making his eyes wider, “Wait a minute…you…aren’t you a Leadership Level?” “Uh …I had good luck last night, and my contract power broke through to the fourth stage.” Xu Ran replied with a shy smile.

SunTianchao: “…”

Even if one had talent and wasn’t stopped by that threshold, it would take a lot of time and effort to improve the contract power to the fourth stage through meditation.

And those who can strive to break through are considered lucky, as over half the people are blocked by that threshold.

This is definitely not something that can be accomplished simply with good luck.

He deeply looked at Xu Ran, and suddenly thought of something interesting. Unlike Xu Qing, Sun Tianchao came to Xieyun City this time just to wait for the results of the discussion of the senior management of the Xieyun City Beast Master Association. He hadn’t visited Xieyun City before.

But that didn’t stop him from hearing about how the young man in front of him surpassed Chairman Fang on the historical rankings last night.

Without a doubt, a Beast Master like this, setting aside his identity as the boss of the foster shop, would inevitably be among the top in any strength level.

In two months, there will be a competition between General Stage Beast Masters across every Second Level Town, and Boss Xu, who has just broken through to the General stage, seems to have qualified.

So…

Does Chairman Fang know that such a Beast Master has been taken away by their Monster Wooden City?

Thinking about this, Sun Tianchao’s tone became a bit urgent, “Have you packed all your belongings?”

“All packed.” Xu Ran nodded.

The Hexagram Star Array behind Sun Tianchao suddenly bloomed, and a giant eagle with a wingspan of over twenty meters flew out from the wind, hovering in the air, looking downwards.

Accompanied by a sharp cry, the wind that rose instantly blew up Sun Tianchao and the three pets, dropping them onto the thick back of the giant eagle.

“Let’s set off now.” Sun Tianchao said to Xu Ran calmly, while shouting frantically at his pet beast through Contractual Sensing.

“Run fast! At the fastest speed!!!”