Chapter 414: 255: Shopping, Sound Recording Conchl

Chapter 414: Chapter 255: Shopping, Sound Recording Conchl

“I have finished eating.”

Setting down his chopsticks, a satisfied expression surfaced on Xu Ran’s face. The Beastman Restaurant recommended by Li Tutu served really tasty food. With Chef Zhang’s skills, he would have been at least a senior chef in Xu Ran’s previous life.

From the reactions of the three little ones, they too seemed very satisfied with this meal.

“Thank you for your hospitality, sir,” Li Tutu said, setting down his chopsticks. The smile on his face grew even brighter.

Although he was paid to be a guide and translator, meals were not included.

Originally, Li Tutu planned to take care of his own lunch, but he didn’t expect Xu Ran to invite him to eat together without hesitation.

“It was nothing.”

Xu Ran waved his hand casually, stood up and walked to the counter to pay.

Seeing this, Li Tutu quickly followed.

After all, Boss Jin Er was the one in charge of collecting the money at the counter.

“Sss~”

Big Jin flicked his snake’s tongue out, although his eyes naturally carried a savage chill, it bore no malice. Instead, there was a touch of kindness.

“Boss Jin Er says the total bill is 144 Beast Master Points…” Li Tutu translated Big Jin’s message, and then looked at Xu Ran with a haunted expression.

What in the world?

At that moment, he almost thought he had misheard.

A meal costs Beast Master Points? And so much too!

He would have to work as a guide for a whole week to earn enough to pay for this meal!

Something’s not right…

A thoughtful look appeared on Li Tutu’s face.

He was very familiar with the prices at the Beastman Restaurant.

The dishes he and Xu Ran had eaten would only have cost about one or two thousand Union Coins, which would only be one or two Beast Master Points. Why were there so many?

Could it be…

Suddenly, Li Tutu turned to look at the three pet beasts behind Xu Ran.

Did these three fellows spend so much on their food?

“Sss~”

Looking at Li Tutu’s shocked face, Big Jin shook his head and flicked his tongue again.

Li Tutu understood.

So the food he and Xu Ran had eaten was practically free.

Those 144 Beast Master Points, were entirely the cost of the three pet beasts’ meals.

But that brings up another question…

What kind of pet beasts could eat hundreds of Beast Master Points in one meal?

Considering a certain possibility, Li Tutu started looking at Xu Ran with a newfound awe. “Sir, are you a General Stage Beast Master?”

“Yes.” Xu Ran replied with a faint smile, not bothering to hide it.

In his store, the cost for fostering a General Stage Pet Beast for one day is 266

Beast Master Points. The majority of this cost accounts for the pet beast’s daily food.

The three little ones consuming over a hundred Beast Master Points for a meal was, in fact, quite normal.

In the past, the three little ones used to eat with residents in the foster area.

The cost of this was accounted as part of the running expenses and was automatically deducted by the system, making it look like they didn’t have any daily expenses.

The cost of maintaining pet beasts is very high.

After verifying with Jin Er that Li Tutu’s translation was correct, Xu Ran paid the bill and left the restaurant without hesitation.

With their bellies full, it was time to take a stroll around the bustling market of the Monster Wooden City.

“Sir, this way!”

Snap back from his shock, Li Tutu looked at Xu Ran with new found admiration. He quickly walked ahead, indicating the way for Xu Ran. Soon, they arrived at the most bustling location in the market, accompanied by his three pets.

“This is Sky-touching Main Road.” Li Tutu explained, “Sir, you must know that the wild super creatures in and around our Monster Wooden City are all blessed by the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Xuanmu.”

As he was speaking, Li Tutu glanced in the direction of the Sky-touching Xuanmu.

Even from within the city, you could still see a part of the immense canopy of the giant tree.

“When this market was established, it was approved by the Beast Emperor Skytouching Xuanmu, so the Association named main road of the market ‘Skytouching Main Road.'”

Li Tutu paused for a moment, “The other sections of the market are like branches branching off from the main trunk.”

“I see.” Xu Ran nodded in understanding, and couldn’t help but follow Li Tutu’s gaze towards the location of the Sky-touching Xuanmu.

Since the areas surrounding the city receive protection from the Sky-touching Xuanmu making them free of chaos and killing, he could consider venturing out of Monster Wooden City to get a closer look at Sky-touching Xuanmu when he had the chance.

After all, this was the first Beast Emperor he had encountered so far.

When he saw the solitary figure of Sky-touching Xuanmu standing amidst the forest from a distance before entering Monster Wooden City, the visual impact left a deep impression on Xu Ran.@@novelbin@@

While they were talking, a commotion suddenly erupted from the crowded people ahead.

Soon, the crowd parted to make way for a group of Red Flame Bears, Super Creatures of the Fire Attribute, covered in red fur and with short tails like burning fireballs, lumbering towards them.

The Red Flame Bear, a warrior species of super creatures known for its ferociousness, appeared rather gentle and even a little simple-minded at this moment.

“Roar-”

The leader, the strongest and most high-ranking Flame Tail Bear in the pack, sniffed the smell in the air and let out a low growl.

It stretched out a robust and strong paw in the air and swung it around, signaling its clan to move in a certain direction.

Then these Flame Tail Bears let out cheers, accelerated their pace, swiftly passed by Xu Ran and rushed towards a stall on the other side of the market.

“This is a group of Flame Tail Bears who have come to stroll the market together.” Li Tutu timely introduced, “They really like a local delicacy called the Honey Oil Fruit.”

“And they disdain the honey used by humans in the cooking process of the

Honey Oil Fruit, so they bring their own honey.” Li Tutu pointed at the two Flame Tail Bears at the end of the pack, each of them carrying a large jar of honey, swaying as they walked.

The honey exhibited a bright orange-red color. A few drops splashed out of the jar as it swayed, igniting a bright spark in the void.

Flame brewed honey.

Xu Ran quickly recognized this fire attribute transcendent resource.

It is the honey brewed by another transcendent being known as the Red Flame

Bee. Compared to ordinary honey, it is naturally more suited to the needs of the Flame Tail Bears.

Watching the Flame Tail Bears who were surrounding a distant stall, staring at the stall owner cooking the characteristic Honey Oil Fruit, their mouths watering, Xu Ran could not help but burst out laughing.

Wild transcendent beings also had such lovely sides.

“Woo ”

A low but extremely penetrating hum came from beside Xu Ran, like a horn blowing, causing Xu Ran to remove his gaze from the distant Flame Tail Bears and look towards a stall not far away.

In front of that stall stood a human pet beast with a somewhat odd appearance.

It was about one meter tall, short and chubby, with an extremely peculiar mouth like a long horn.

Super ability system leader species, the Sound Hunter.

Noticing Xu Ran’s glance coming its way, it stretched out a paw and enthusiastically waved towards Xu Ran, seeming to signal Xu Ran to take a look at its stall.

“That Sound Hunter often sets up stalls at the Monster Wooden Marketplace.” Li Tutu recognized the figure and whispered, “What it sells is also somewhat special, sir, you might have a look.”

“Let’s go and check it out,” Xu Ran nodded.

Without Li Tutu’s introduction, he was curious to see what it was like for a wild transcendent being to have a stall.

The two men, followed by the three little ones, quickly appeared in front of the

Sound Hunter. On its stall, items resembling small conchs were neatly arranged.

“What is this?” Xu Ran carefully picked one up and looked at it curiously.

“Wow ”

The Sound Hunter let out another deep horn sound.

“It says this is a Sound Recording Conch.” Li Tutu translated, “It records various sounds using its super ability attribute power.”

“Each Sound Recording Conch records completely different sounds. You just need to put your ear to the conch’s opening to hear them.”

“As long as the Sound Recording Conch is not damaged, the sound can be preserved for several years.”

“It made only one sound, but you have translated it into a long speech.” Xu Ran joked with a smile, and then placed the Sound Recording Conch to his ear.

“Because I’ve learned about it before…” Li Tutu chuckled, when he saw Xu Ran starting to listen to the sounds in the Sound Recording Conch, he quickly shut his mouth and stayed quiet.

A somewhat ethereal howl entered Xu Ran’s ears through the opening of the Sound Recording Conch.

The sound was lightweight and distant, one after the other, carrying a few soothing and healing feelings, making Xu Ran feel a lot relaxed.

“This should be the voice of the Spirit Clouded Whale, right?” Xu Ran quickly identified the species corresponding to this kind of sound.

A hint of surprise appeared in the eyes of the Sound Hunter, and while nodding slightly, it let out a short deep horn sound.

“It says you are right,” said Li Tutu, surprisingly looking at Xu Ran.

Was he so capable to identify the species of a pet beast simply by its call?

No wonder he was a a General Level Beast Master, that was incredible!

“Spirit Clouded Whales are special.” Xu Ran noticed Li Tutu’s gaze with a smile and casually introduced, “As a super-large-sized Wind Pet Beast, although it is a fish species, it swims in the air.”

“Its voice is considered the most beautiful, possessing the healing effect of soothingemotions.” Xu Ran paused slightly, “I’ll buy this one.”

With the deal made, the Sound Hunter also had a satisfied look in its eyes.

Glancing at the three little ones behind Xu Ran, the Sound Hunter showed a thoughtful expression. Soon, it put out another long horn sound.

“Woo ”

“It says if you buy three, it will give you one for free.” Li Tutu translated.

“Oh?” Xu Ran looked at the Sound Hunter with surprise.

He hadn’t expected that the transcendent beings setting up stalls at the Monster Wooden Marketplace would also offer discounts.

Given that…

Xu Ran turned his head to the three little ones, who were already eager to try,

“You pick one each!”

“Meow!” (I’ll check this out!)

Ziyun quickly scooped up an attractive light purple conch that it had been eyeing earlier and gently put it to its ear.

Hearing the “huh-loo huh-loo” sound echoing from the conch, a delighted expression quickly appeared in Ziyun’s eyes.

This is the one!

“Charming!” (I’ll check this out!)

Cancan picked up another conch that bore some resemblance to a dragon scale, and after hearing a faint dragon roar, it quickly nodded.

Very good, it liked this one!

Star glanced at the other two smaller ones who had picked up conches with their claws, and then looked at its own hooves, falling into deep thought.

How was it going to listen?