Chapter 411: 253: City Of The Demon Wood L

Chapter 411: Chapter 253: City of the Demon Wood l

“Dad, why did you bring me so early?”

In front of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, while looking at the yet to open shop, Fang Yuling’s voice was tinged with a bit of helplessness, “I told you yesterday, this shop can’t accept pet beasts of Overlord and Emperor Stages.”

“I know.” Fang Canghai nodded calmly, “But I happened to get up early today, so I thought we could come and take a look.”

On the way…

Fang Yuling’s eyes filled with a peculiar color.

Their house, the Beast Master Association, and the Starfire Foster Shop pretty much formed an equilateral triangle within Xieyun City, where did the ‘on the way’ come from?

In her view, the ‘on the way’ was fake, it was more plausible that her father was interested in Boss Xu.

“Dad, is it because he displayed a power similar to Attribute Transition yesterday, that you value him so much?” Fang Yuling couldn’t help but ask.

“Yes, but that’s not the whole reason.” Fang Canghai nodded slightly, not denying this, “In fact, the more important reason is his breakthrough to the General stage.”

“Originally, I thought he was around your age and wouldn’t be able to reach the General stage in a short time.”

Fang Yuling’s face fell.

How did it seem…

That her father was saying she was slow in cultivation?

Damn it, she’s obviously using the Heavenly Spirit Stone, which accelerates meditation, until she cannot bear the headaches. Isn’t that good enough?

It’s Xu Ran who is the weirdo!

She doesn’t know how he managed to do it, reaching the fourth stage of Contract Power at merely twenty years old.

Thinking of this, Fang Yuling felt a sense of powerlessness in her heart.

She, who has always considered herself a genius, didn’t expect to be completely suppressed by another person one day.

In terms of power, he had already crushed her, becoming the top of the three rankings, although he had temporarily left the rankings, his historical rankings were still something she couldn’t surpass in a short time.

In talents, he is a few years younger than her, but he has already broken through to the fourth stage of contract power, leaving her far behind.

Even in the studies of evolution, he seemed to be ahead of her.

That day when Xu Ran visited the Transcend Evolution Department and dropped the concept of “Evolution Ritual”, Liu Yu had already started his retreat to study it desperately.

According to him, he won’t step out of the Transcend Evolution Department building until he figures out what it’s all about.

Putting aside these messy thoughts, Fang Yuling turned to Fang Canghai, “Is there something special about the General Stage?”

“There wasn’t before, but there is now.” Fang Canghai spoke slowly, “Originally you would’ve found out in a few days’ time, but knowing it now is no harm.”

“During the previous multi-city exchange, although the power of Xieyun City was demonstrated to the level 3 towns, it wasn’t convincing to the other level 2 towns.”

“They proposed to hold a competition between Beast Masters of the General Stage, and the result of the competition would decide whether to ally and who will have the power of discourse within the Alliance.”

“The competition is in two months, and each level 2 town will send out five people.” Fang Canghai’s voice paused a little, “So in a few days, the Association will arrange a selection for the General stage, select five people, and train them with all efforts over the next two months.”

“I understand.” Fang Yulingnodded in realization.

No wonder her father values Xu Ran so much.

After all, Xu Ran showed such great power at the Leadership Stage, and now he has broken through to the General Stage. With a bit of training, he is bound to achieve good results in the competition in two months.

Fang Yuling also knew a little about the city alliance her father strongly promoted. Although she didn’t know the specific reasons, she could feel her father’s seriousness.

In this case, it’s only natural to come to the Starfire Foster Shop early.

As she thought about this, a smile flashed in Fang Yuling’s eyes.

Speaking of which, the previous multi-city exchange ended rather abruptly because of the appearance of Boss Xu, but if Boss Xu represents Xieyun City in this competition, and promotes the Alliance among the cities, things will get interesting.@@novelbin@@

While the father and daughter were talking, the closed door of the Starfire Foster Shop slowly opened. A man wearing a straw hat, a wearing a large gown, a fishing rod on his shoulder, and a fish basket in his other hand stood at the entrance.

“Welcome-!” He shouted at the Fang family duo standing outside the door, shaking the fish basket in his hand at the same time “You two came at the right time, just caught an elite Purple Patterned Carp, one given free per order in the shop!”

“What is that?” Fang Canghai became slightly surprised and turned to Fang Yuling with questioning eyes.

He only knew that Xu Ran was the owner of the Starfire Foster Care Shop and wasn’t too interested in the specifics of the shop.

He initially thought that seeing Xu Ran would be easy once the shop started operating, but he didn’t expect to be greeted by another person.

And…

Fang Canghai looked at the fish basket the other party was holding.

Purple Patterned Carp is a weak and nutritious super fish with great taste. Fang Canghai has seen it in other places, but it’s not available within the range of Xieyun City.

This guy… claims to have just caught it?

“He is one of the shop’s employees.” Although Fang Yuling hadn’t been to the shop for a few days, she knew a little about the situation of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, “Xu Ran hasn’t handled the shopfront himself for a while now and has hired three employees to do it.”

“I see.” Fang Canghai nodded his understanding.

It was perfectly normal for a gifted Beast Master not to operate the storefront personally.

But the clerk that Little Boss Xu had hired seemed to be quite special…

Muttering to himself, Fang Canghai turned to the fisherman in front of him, “I’m looking for Xu Ran, is he around?”

“Oh, you’re looking for the boss. Regarding this…”The fisherman smiled, about to speak, when a delicate yet anxious voice interrupted.

“This is bad, really bad!”

Was it another clerk?

Fang Canghai followed the voice, his expression turning to astonishment.

Before his eyes was a particularly rugged and burly man, his belly jiggling as he ran, appearing somewhat comical.

The one who just spoke was this guy?

Fang Canghai vigorously shook his head, unable to match the voice he just heard with the figure in front of him.

Maybe he was hearing things due to his recent sleep deprivation?

Yes, that must be it.

Just as Fang Canghai arrived at this conclusion, Murong grabbed the fisherman’s hand and spoke again, “Manager, the Earth attribute Training Area has collapsed!”

“Mmm, I know.” The fisherman nodded calmly, “Boss Xu said before he left Xieyun city that there won’t be any accompanying training services for Earth attribute Pet Beasts today, or…”

“You could let them train in the other training areas. I believe in your abilities, you should be able to formulate a targeted special training plan, right?” The fisherman freed his hand from Murong’s grip, then patted him on the shoulder.

“You wouldn’t want to disappoint Boss Xu, right?”

“Leave it to me!” Murong patted his chest, producing a dull thud, only then did he notice the father-daughter pair from the Fang family, “We have guests. I’ll be going then.”

Having said that, he turned around and left, leaving behind a stunned Fang Canghai and a perplexed Fang Yuling.

Even though Fang Yuling had heard about the unique styles of these three new clerks through her girlfriends, witnessing it firsthand was indeed quite an experience.

“This is… one of Little Boss Xu’s clerks?” Fang Canghai shook his head vigorously, attempting to erase the scene he just witnessed from his mind.

Then, he picked up a keyword from the clerks’ conversation.

“Boss Xu left Xieyun City?” Fang Canghai frowned slightly, “Where did he go? To the outskirts?”

Outside the Xieyun City was the perilous 47th Beast Zone. Although Xieyun City was confident enough to stand against it, even having its city gates wide open, it was generally advised not to venture outside the city unless one was at the General stage as a Beast Master.

Even Beast Masters at the General stage would barely be able to fend for themselves outside the city. An ambush from a small group of Transcendent Beings or pet beasts could easily lead to their doom.

So, Boss Xu just reached the General stage and left Xieyun City?

This was quite impulsive.

“I’m sorry, sir.” The fishing man flapped the brim of his straw hat and smiled slightly, “The boss’s whereabouts are confidential.”

“After all, it took me great effort to get promoted to the manager position, I wouldn’t want to anger the boss and demote myself back to a clerk.”

“Instead…” The fisherman dangled the fish basket in his hand, “Wouldn’t you like a freshly hooked Purple Patterned Carp? It makes a lovely soup!”

A dark-green streak of light, resembling an arrow released from its bow, cut across the void, dashing directly towards a certain direction. It slowed down only when a giant towering tree could be seen in the distance, eventually halting mid-air.

“We’re here.” Sun Tianchao glanced at Xu Ran and smirked, pointing down at a massive city below, “That’s Monster Wooden City.”

“Hmm!” Xu Ran nodded earnestly, anticipation gleaming in his eyes.

The speed of a King Stage Pet Beast was far beyond that of a General stage, and the distance between Monster Wooden City and Xieyun City wasn’t as far as Qingzhou City, hence, they’d arrived within just an hour or two.

Following Sun Tianchao’s guidance, Xu Ran spotted the huge city beneath them.

As a second-level town, Monster Wooden City was fundamentally different from Xieyun City in terms of environment.

Or rather, it was fundamentally different from any other human cities Xu Ran had known.

Here, there was no solid metal wall, hundreds or even thousands of meters high. Instead, there was a low wall barely more than ten meters high with negligible defensive capability, serving as the boundary marker for the human city.

Inside and outside the wall, wild Super Creatures and human Beast Masters were entering and exiting the city, not fighting each other in bloody battles as Xu Ran had imagined, but rather interacting peacefully.

The green-black giant eagle descended slowly. After Sun Tianchao jumped off its back, he grinned at the surprised Xu Ran behind him.

“Are you finding Monster Wooden City different from any other human cities you’ve seen before?”

“If you stay here for a while, you’ll see even more interesting things.”

“Anyway, welcome to Monster Wooden City.”