Chapter 419: 258 Is Your Shop This Cheap?_2

Chapter 419: Chapter 258 Is your shop this cheap?_2

“Lulu!”

No problem!

The earth raccoon nodded, knowing that the human in front of him was about to groom him. It obediently lay down on the care platform, quietly waiting for the grooming to begin.

The young boy also became more well-behaved, sitting in his own companion seat without making a sound to disturb Xu Ran’s preparation for grooming the earth raccoon. His eyes never left Xu Ran, watching him curiously with every movement he made.

Xu Ran skillfully mixed the special bath dew for the earth raccoon. Quickly, he evenly sprinkled the bath dew on the body of the earth raccoon using the handheld showerhead in his hand.

The fine and long fur of the earth raccoon was wetted instantly, fitting tightly to its body and revealing its slender body underneath its fluffy fur.

The bath dew flowed over the body of the earth raccoon along the fur, penetrating to the roots of the fur, wandering in every hair follicle, bringing a warm sensation of flow.

For a moment, the earth raccoon couldn’t help but open its eyes wide, with a long-lost happy expression on its face.

The last time it had such a thorough wash was five months ago when it was washed with Mystical Wood Dew.

Now, it finally felt the similar joy and comfort.

For a while, a particularly cheerful cheer unconsciously came out from its mouth, echoing around the entire grooming room.

“Lulu-”

The boy watching at the side was also surprised now.

It was not his first time watching the washing and protection service in a foster shop, but compared to other foster shops providing the same service, this one obviously seemed much more professional.

Such great skills, but selling at such a low price?

For a moment, the boy’s face had a feeling of discovering a treasure.

If he is happy with the grooming results later, he would definitely recommend this shop to his friends and family!

Xu Ran couldn’t help taking another look at the earth raccoon.

No wonder it was a pet beast that hadn’t been groomed in months. A simple shower already gave such a strong reaction.

If that’s the case…

It’s time to show the real skills!

Putting the showerhead aside, Xu Ran evenly applied the prepared bath shampoo along the spine of the earth raccoon.

The same warm shampoo felt like electricity, starting from the back of the head, all the way down the raccoon’s tailbone, and then spreading to the sides of the body.

The strange feeling, like being shocked all of a sudden, made the eyes of the earth raccoon even wider.

Even when it was washed with Mystical Wood Dew, it had never felt such a strange sensation!

However, the earth raccoon’s surprise came a bit early.

Because following the pour of shampoo, Xu Ran’s kneading movements also began.

Aligning his fingertips with the earth raccoon’s wet fur, Xu Ran used just the right amount of force to rub every inch of the fur, revealing the root of the hair, allowing the cleaning power of shampoo to reach deep into the hair.

The strange sensation as if each hair follicle was being massaged made the earth raccoon’s eyes gradually bewildered.

It was a great pleasure that it had never experienced before and was somewhat irresistible now.

A more melodious sound, a little ethereal, squeezed out from the slightly opened mouth of the earth raccoon.

“Lulu—”

“Please take care, welcome back next time-”

At the entrance of Starfire Foster Care Shop, Xu Ran waved goodbye with a smile to the boy named Qi Le and his earth raccoon friend.@@novelbin@@

After a perfect grooming, the fur color of the earth raccoon has changed from its original dark grey to light grey, and the patterns and spots on it can vaguely be seen.

Its fur became fluffier. The fur, which was somewhat stuck together and appeared dirty due to oil, is now completely soft.

Behind the earth raccoon, its big tail was high up like a feather duster, gently swinging at the slightest movement.

Compared to when it came, the earth raccoon was completely rejuvenated now.

“Definitely.” Qi Le nodded seriously, revealing a sincere smile on his face, “Boss Xu, your grooming skills are really amazing, and the price is so affordable. I will definitely recommend you to my friends!”

“That would be the best.” Xu Ran smiled slightly, watching the two leave, then stretching lazily,” Business tasks for today are successfully completed!”

Although the washing and grooming did not yield any pleasure value due to the fact that the Earth Raccoon was a wild Super Creature, the business objective had been achieved, making it a good start.

What’s more… even though there was no pleasure value, the fur plucking skill was still effective, and a two-star earth attribute skill was gained.

Skill Fragment +4.

The three little ones looked at each other with relaxed expressions on their faces.

It seemed that the shop’s operation here in Monster Wooden City should be no problem.

If Starfire Foster Shop runs well, Xu Ran will be able to earn more resources for them.

With more resources, they can become stronger faster.

So doing well in business equates to becoming stronger!

“Xila!” (I’m going to train!)

Revitalised, Starfire feels full of energy in an instant, fatigue swept away, she lets out a triumphant shout and quickly heads towards the elevator.

Seeing this, the other two little ones who didn’t want to show weakness followed closely.

“Meow!” (Wait for me!)

“Charming!” (Wait for me!)

“Da Xiong, we will part here, see you in a few days!”

At the gate of Monster Wooden City, Qi Le waved goodbye to the Earth Raccoon.

“Lu~”

In the Earth Raccoon’s eyes, there was a hint of reluctance, and it reached out its sturdy paw to gently pat Qi Le’s shoulder.

“It’s okay, didn’t we agree that I would visit your Ground Raccoon Tribe territory to play with you in a few days?” Qi Le smiled, “It will be my first time visiting the territory of a wild Super Creature. Do you have any good food there?”

“Lu!”

The Earth Raccoon nodded vigorously, then made continuous “lu, lu, lu” sounds while clumsily gesturing in mid-air.

Surprisingly, Qi Le was able to keep up with the Earth Raccoon’s narration, continuously nodding and saying things like “Hmm hmm, I’m already looking forward to it”, “That sounds good, it’s something I would like”.

After communicating for a while, the pair of good friends reluctantly parted ways. The Earth Raccoon headed deeper into the Monster Wooden Domain, closer to the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, while Qi Le retraced his steps back.

As an Earth attribute Extraordinary Creature, the Earth Raccoon may look simpleminded, but its strength is by no means weak. Its talent skill, Burrow Soil, allows it to move freely underground. In no time, the Earth Raccoon safely returned to its tribe’s territory.

“Lu-”

“Lulu-”

Sounds similar to the Earth Raccoon’s voice were faintly heard from the territory. Near the territory, the silhouettes of several Earth Raccoons playfully romping in the forest could be seen.

Not far away, on a blank piece of ground, many Earth Raccoons lay side by side with their bellies up to the afternoon sun.

This was a common resting posture among the Ground Raccoon Tribe. Warming their bellies made them feel comfortable.

Noticing Da Xiong’s return, the other members of the Ground Raccoon Tribe turned their eyes to him. After seeing his refreshed appearance, the area became silent for a few seconds.

Those who had been playing around stopped and stared at Da Xiong in astonishment, one of them even fell from a tree that it had only half climbed.

Those who were lined up basking their bellies sat upright, fixating on Da Xiong.

Among these tribe members, most of them were as dirty as Da Xiong before he had been washed and groomed, some even dirtier.

Everyone’s unable to get washed, so it didn’t matter if they were all dirty.

But if someone cleaned up at this moment…

The next instant, the tribe members swarmed around Da Xiong, continuously making “lu, lu, lu” noises, enquiring about the washing and grooming.

Excitement was apparent in their eyes, and they were most interested to find out if the grooming was a result of the Mystical Wood Dew.

If it was…

That means the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu started to produce Mystical Wood Dew again!

This would be a gospel to the whole Monster Wooden Domain!

However, Da Xiong’s answer was destined to disappoint them.