Chapter 415: 256 Battle Of Ten Thousand Tribes!_L

Chapter 415: Chapter 256 Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes!_l

“Rustle-”

The bags full of various items in Xu Ran’s hands rubbed against each other, making a slight noise as he moved.

Behind him, Star and Cancan were also carrying a lot of things on their backs. Only Ziyun seemed quite leisurely, lying lazily on Cancan’s shell, curiously watching the surroundings.

Time seemed to spin, and an hour had already passed as Xu Ran and his three pets strolled through the Monster Wooden Marketplace. The city, unlike other second-level towns, had many exotic items Xu Ran had never seen before.

Faced with these interesting little things, Xu Ran boldly waved his hand.

Buy!

Guided by Li Tutu, a local guide, the group quickly entered a shopping spree and before they knew it, they couldn’t carry any more bags.

“Let’s call it a day.” Looking back at the Monster Wooden Marketplace, some lingering regret filled Xu Ran’s face.

The peaceful co-existence of the transcendent beings and humans here was both novel and intriguing to him.

The area they’d explored today only covered less than a tenth of the market. If he had time later, he’d love to come back a few more times.

But before that, he needed to open a shop.

With a thought, a countdown timer for the store’s renovation appeared before Xu Ran.

[Remaining time for store renovation: 0 hours 4.8 minutes 33 seconds]

Seeing the less than an hour left for the renovation, Xu Ran knew it was time to head back.

Once the new shop opens here, his primary task would be to increase the fame of the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Monster Wooden City to 50%.

Thinking of this, Xu Ran turned his gaze to Li Tutu standing beside him.

After an afternoon’s interaction, Xu Ran found out that this seemingly underage boy was already a transcendent level Beast Master.

He was not only familiar with the Monster Wooden Marketplace, but also had a profound knowledge of the entire Monster Wooden City.

So….

“Li Tutu, does Monster Wooden City have a Beast Trainer Ranking?”, Xu Ran asked.

To enhance fame, the only method Xu Ran could think of was advertising.

If there is a Beast Trainer Ranking or something similar in Monster Wooden City, the process would be much more manageable.

“Beast Trainer Ranking?” Li Tutu blinked in surprise, his face showing confusion, “What’s that?”

“It’s a ranking list where Beast Trainers or pet beasts of the same strength level are ranked in different categories…”, Xu Ran briefly explained the concept of the Beast Trainer Ranking, and then looked at Li Tutu with hopeful eyes.

“Does Monster Wooden City have something similar?”

Li Tutu thought seriously for a moment, comparing his familiar things with the “Beast Trainer Ranking” in Xu Ran’s description, and then decisively shook his head.

“No.”

“Sir, this thing you mentioned does not exist in Monster Wooden City.”

“Okay.” Xu Ran gave a slight sigh, realizing that it would be difficult to replicate the rising fame method of Xieyun City in Monster Wooden City.@@novelbin@@

“Does Monster Wooden City have any large-scale competitions?” Xu Ran asked, seeking an alternative.

If there were, it wouldn’t hurt to use the same method to raise popularity in Monster Wooden City as he did in Qingzhou City.

“Monster Wooden City doesn’t.” Li Tutu considered for a moment, and once again gave Xu Ran a disappointing answer. However, his tone turned around and he added, “But Monster Wooden Domain does.”

Huh?

There was a glimmer of light in Xu Ran’s eyes.

After spending an afternoon in Monster Wooden Marketplace, he had gained a fairly good understanding of Monster Wooden City and its surrounding areas.

Monster Wooden City was named so because it was located within the Monster Wooden Domain.

And The Monster Wooden Domain is a territory that the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood carved out for itself inside Beast Zone No.47.

Its size is dozens of times that of Monster Wooden City. Besides Monster Wooden City, the rest of the area is inhabited by various wild super creatures.

Even the wild super creatures living here still had to abide by the rules set by Sky-touching Mysterious Wood; they couldn’t easily cause trouble or indiscriminately kill.

Therefore, the Monster Wooden Domain was the most orderly place in Beast Zone No.47.

Undoubtedly, competitions held within the Monster Wooden Domain were bound to be much larger in scale than those in Monster Wooden City.

However…

“Can we, the humans, participate in competitions held in the Monster Wooden Domain? What are the specifics?” asked Xu Ran curiously.

Competitions for human Beast Masters usually had a few commonly seen types.

But a competition involving both humans and transcendent beings sounded much more complicated.

“We are one of the residents in the Monster Wooden Domain, so of course we can participate.” Li Tutu grinned, “However, it’s not easy to rank in the competitions held by the Monster Wooden Domain.”

“Can you elaborate?” Xu Ran casually sat on a chair by the road, prompting further.

“No problem!” Li Tutu nodded, slightly organized his language, and started, “The competition held within the Monster Wooden Domain is called Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.”

“Sounds pretty domineering.” The serious look on Xu Ran’s face indicated his keen interest. He pricked up his ears to listen carefully, even the three little pets seemed interested.

Any competition with a title like “Ten Thousand Tribes” had to be special.

“The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, as the name suggests, is a competition that all races within the Monster Wooden Domain can participate in. Regardless of whether they are humans or any transcendent being, they are all eligible to register for participation.”

“This competition has a long history and is presided over by the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself..”