Chapter 428: 264: Cashing In The Bet! (Two-In-One)_2

Chapter 428: Chapter 264: Cashing in the Bet! (Two-in-one)_2

By the time the Lion Dragon Beast was sent to him after the cleaning and caring procedure, it was too late for any regrets.

Liu Yu’s gaze flickered at this moment.

Can people accompany him during the cleaning and caring process?

He wanted to see what made this guy’s cleaning and caring procedures different.

“Since people are allowed to accompany, I suppose Boss Xu won’t mind if I also go in and observe?” Liu Yu sneered coldly and spoke leisurely.@@novelbin@@

“That’s not my decision to make.” Xu Ran shook his head. then looked at Zhou Hong, “The Lion Dragon Beast is Mr. Zhou’s pet beast. How to clean and care for it, and who is allowed to accompany, he has the final say.”

After hearing Xu Ran’s words, Liu Yu turned his head and squeezed out a thin smile.

“Mr. Zhou, what do you think…”

Zhou Hong hesitated for a moment.

Instinctively, he didn’t want this man who had cut his pet beast’s fur too short to enter the grooming room.

But thinking of the bet between Liu Yu and Xu Ran, Zhou Hong knew that doing so would indeed be the best choice for both of them.

“In that case, Boss Liu, you can follow too.” Zhou Hong spoke in a deep voice and then looked at the eager onlookers on the side, “You all stop asking, too many people would affect Boss Xu.”

With one sentence, Zhou Hong obliterated the onlookers’ ideas to follow inside. He nodded at Xu Ran, signaling that he could proceed.

“Please follow me.” Xu Ran turned his head and led the Lion Dragon Beast towards the grooming room. Zhou Hong and Liu Yu followed closely.

Soon, the door of the grooming room was closed, leaving a stunned crowd outside.

“Wait..” In the crowd, a middle-aged man with half-rimmed glasses and scholarly demeanor adjusted his glasses and slowly said, “The Lion Dragon Beast is so big, the cleaning and caring should take about half an hour.”

“In half an hour, we will know the outcome of this bet.”

“Boss Liu, why did you leave your store to come here?” Someone recognized the owner of the Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop and teased him.

“I’m here to learn a thing or two.” Liu Fengyun laughed, his gaze once again falling on Starfire Foster Care Shop’s price menu.

If the pricing is uniform across all cities, then the young man who dared to offer such a price is indeed quite confident…

His eyes showed a deep interest.

After seeing the Lion Dragon Beast with his own eyes, Liu Fengyun was clear, that even if he exhausted all his strength, he could hardly maintain the beast’s condition.

What kind of level could this Boss Xu achieve?

He was very curious.

—————–

“Come, lie down here.”

Inside the grooming room, under Xu Ran’s direction, the Lion Dragon Beast obediently lay on the grooming platform for large pet beast, waiting for Xu Ran’s next step.

Although its race name means both lion and dragon, the Lion Dragon Beast’s temper is very stable. It will conscientiously execute the instructions of both the Beast Master and others.

“Well done, I’ll give you something good later.” Xu Ran gently patted the Lion Dragon Beast’s big head, then turned around and began his preparations for the cleaning and caring.

In a corner of the grooming room, Zhou Hong quickly recovered from seeing the interior of the grooming room. His hands clenched slightly, looking at his own pet beast.

He was curious about the care that the Lion Dragon Beast was about to receive, and felt very nervous.

Could this Boss Xu really do as he said?

On the other hand, Liu Yu looked more serious.

Without comparison, there is no harm.

From Starfire Foster’s grooming room, he saw one word.

Professional.

Among them were many instruments and items he didn’t recognize, which made him vaguely feel that the young man in front of him, like he said, indeed had strong grooming skills.

Could it be… that I will lose this bet?

Thinking of this, Liu Yu suddenly felt restless.

Once he loses, he will have to refer customers who require grooming services to Starfire Foster, and this would be working in someone else’s favor.

It’s easy to understand what a great blow this would be to Universe Foster.

No, we have not necessarily lost!

Liu Yu took a deep breath, forcibly cheered himself up, and stared at Xu Ran who was preparing .

He knew the condition of the Lion Dragon Beast too well because it was his doing.

When trimmed like this, apart from letting the Lion Dragon Beast regrow its own new fur slowly, there were no other options.

Thinking of this, Liu Yu’s eyes lit up with confidence.

He, had not reached the point of losing yet!

Without paying attention to Liu Yu’s thoughts, Xu Ran quickly prepared the special bath dew for the Lion Dragon Beast.

As he had said earlier, in order to reward the Lion Dragon Beast for being obedient, he especially added a resource to the bath dew that could make the beast feel better, to help relieve the psychological shadow caused by having its fur clipped too short.

After adjusting the water to the right temperature for the Lion Dragon Beast, Xu Ran grabbed the showerhead in one hand, evenly sprayed the bath dew on the Lion Dragon Beast’s body, and with his other hand gently stroked its fur, so that the bath dew penetrated deeper into the fur.

The comforting temperature of the water suddenly wetted Lion Dragon Beast’s fur. The warm feeling was just right, causing the beast to shiver with pleasure as if its whole body had warmed up.

The bath dew continuously seeped into the gaps at the roots of the hairs, dissolving the dirt residues untouched during the hasty cleaning in the Universe Foster Store, and then flowing down with the dirt, gathering in a shallow grey stream beneath the grooming platform.