Chapter 424: 262 You Really Are Smart_1

Chapter 424: Chapter 262 You Really Are Smart_1

“Who are you?”

When Liu Yu turned his head and saw a young face he had never seen before, his expression became even colder, and his tone was quite rude, “It’s not your place to speak, is it?”

Ignoring the angry Liu Yu, Xu Ran turned his head and looked directly at the Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast, “If you trust me, you can bring your pet beast to my foster shop for secondary washing and protection.”

“I can’t say much, but at least it will be much better than the current situation.”

“Humph!” Hearing this, Liu Yu’s face turned completely black, and his gaze towards Xu Ran became more hostile.

He thought it was just someone coming to make trouble. Unexpectedly, it turned out to be a colleague.

Although he had never seen this kid before and didn’t know which foster shop he was from, the act of stealing his customer in front of him, wasn’t it the same as cheating right in his face?

“I don’t know which foster shop you are from, but the customer in my shop has a problem, so it should be us who solve it!” Liu Yu said in a deep voice, then looked at the Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast.

“If you are not satisfied with the washing and protection effect, we can adjust it for free until you are satisfied.”

Feeling the nods of approval from the surrounding stares at his words, Liu Yu’s heart relaxed a little.

As the saying goes, as long as the attitude is right, even making a mistake can be forgiven.

Seeing this, Xu Ran shrugged subtly and looked at the Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast. His expression was a bit more conflicted, “In that case, it’s up to you”

Hearing this, the Beast Master showed a thoughtful expression on his face.

He didn’t want to cause a scene at the Beast Master Association, but Liu Yu hadn’t been as sincere when he was at the Universe Foster Shop.

His demand was simple, merely to solve the problem of pet beast washing and protection.

At this moment, the problem was not just about appearance, it was more than that.

The Lion Dragon Beast was a transcendent being with a very strong sense of self-esteem. Its beautiful fur collar was its favorite part. Now it has been trimmed short, which made it depressed. Over time, this would affect its strength.

Now, Liu Yu has expressed his attitude. As an old customer of the Universe Foster Shop, he was also willing to give them another chance.

But… before that, he wanted to know who this young man was, so that he could make a better judgement and choice.

Thinking of this, the Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast turned his head to look at Xu Ran, “Can you tell me, which foster shop is yours?”

“My foster shop is called Starfire Foster, and we just started operating in Monster Wooden City a few days ago.” Xu Ran replied naturally.

As his words fell, a mocking look appeared on Liu Yu’s face, and the Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast also looked disappointed.

Even the surrounding spectators were whispering to each other.

A newly opened shop dared to confront the Universe Foster Shop?

Although the Universe Foster Shop made a mistake in its foster services, it wasn’t something that any Joe Blow could compete against, right?

As for the reactions of these people, Xu Ran had expected it. So, after a brief pause, he added, “Our shop used to operate in Xieyun City. We were invited by the Beast Master Association to open a branch in Monster Wooden City.”

Boom!@@novelbin@@

As soon as these words came out, everyone was slightly stunned.

Unlike the 3-Level towns that are isolated and have a hard time getting out of the city, communication between Second-Level towns is somewhat difficult, but not impossible. Because of this, everyone knows about each other’s towns.

This is no exception for Monster Wooden City, located in the Monster Wooden Domain.

Everyone knew that Xieyun City was the most powerful city in Beast Zone No.47. Therefore, Xu Ran’s words wrapped the Starfire Foster Shop in a cloak of mystery.

Coming all the way from such a powerful Second-Level town, and even being invited by the Beast Master Association to open a branch here…

At this moment, no one cared about the fact that this shop had just opened. What replaced it was a strong curiosity.

“Tips from Xieyun City?” The Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast had a dazzling look in his eyes, and looked more interested.

He had heard that foster services had always existed in places outside Monster Wooden City, so they were more systematic. And Xieyun City, as the strongest Second-Level town nearby, any shop that can survive there would naturally not be bad.

Maybe, this young man really has a solution to the problems of the Lion Dragon Beast?

On the side, Liu Yu’s expression became even uglier at this moment.

He came from Xieyun City?

He had vaguely heard before that in order to solve the pet beast washing and protection needs of the Beast Masters in the city, the Beast Master Association had specially invited some shops from other Second-Level towns to settle in Monster Wooden City and open branches to accept the customers with overloaded washing and protection requirements.

The most notable one was the recently popular Wind and Cloud Foster Shop, which came from the Second-Level town of Xuanxing City. Now its customer flow was not inferior to the top ten foster shops in Monster Wooden City.

But even so, there had been no foster shops from Xieyun City until now. After all, for a place like Xieyun City, Monster Wooden City was nothing more than a bigger backwater.

This young man actually came from Xieyun City?

If it’s true, he would be a serious threat.

But is this really true?

He was so young, just looked like a kid.

Just then, Liu Yu saw a passing staff member of the Association and his eyes lit up. “Mr. Zhang He! Please come over here!”