Chapter 426: 263: Coordination Of Washing And Protection!_1

Chapter 426: Chapter 263: Coordination of Washing and Protection!_1

“Let’s set the time for tomorrow morning.”

After agreeing on the bet with Liu Yu, Xu Ran turned his head to the Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast, whose name was Zhou Hong, “Tomorrow, apart from the morning, I will have to serve some special guests and wouldn’t be able to attend to you.”@@novelbin@@

“How about at eight in the morning, after my Foster Shop starts functioning?”

“Excellent!” Zhou Hong nodded briskly.

He was more eager than Xu Ran to get his Pet Beast groomed as soon as possible to help its recovery.

“Boss Xu, I trust my Lion Dragon Beast in your hands.” Zhou Hong said sincerely.

“Rest assured, I’ll give it my best.” Xu Ran’s face looked serious, as if to show his willingness.

He had bet his next year to do this job. He couldn’t not take it seriously.

To enhance his fame as quickly as possible, he had to go all out.

Even for him, addressing the Lion Dragon Beast’s issue was not an easy task.

Good thing is, though not easy, it doesn’t mean impossible.

“I’d like to see what you will do tomorrow,” Liu Yu said maliciously.

By now, the reputation of the Universe Foster Store was ruined. Thus, Liu Yu plans to bet against the freedom of this guy in front of him for a year to make him realize the price of interrupting.

Liu Yu never considered the possibility that Xu Ran could win the bet.

A clipped pet growing its fur back just by grooming? Really think grooming can do everything?

After leaving the address of his foster store, Xu Ran left with his three little beasts.

The incident that happened in the Beast Master Association spread across Monster Wooden City like a gust of wind with the help of the gossips.

Many already knew that Starfire Foster, previously operating in Xieyun City, had settled in Monster Wooden City. As soon as they settled in, they picked a fight with Universe Foster Store, a top three in Monster Wooden City.

And that bet has also been propagated, outing it to more people.

On the other side of Monster Wooden City, there was a Foster Care Shop named Wind and Cloud.

Although it’s been less than a month since it started, it has garnered many loyal customers due to its unique grooming skills and quality foster care services. It has broken into the top 10 for the daily influx of customers in Monster Wooden City.

In front of the Wind and Cloud foster shop, a spectacled man who looked well-educated greeted customers with a warm smile.

This man had a name that didn’t match with his image.

Liu Fengyun.

He was the owner of the Wind and Cloud foster store.

Among all the out-of-town foster stores invited to Monster Wooden City by the Beast Trainer Association in Monster Wooden City, Wind and Cloud foster won the most customers, thanks to Liu Fengyun’s business strategy and quality of service.

Even though it was late, Liu Fengyun hurriedly stepped forward and welcomed another customer with an even brighter smile, “Welcome~”

“Boss Liu, can you groom my pet beast?” That customer laughed, “After the last grooming session, it has been eager to come here again every day!”

“Being chosen by you and your pet beast is our honor.” Liu Fengyun smiled, “Shall I do it?”

“No, no, no. Let the same woman do it as before,” the customer quickly shook his hand.

Liu Fengyun nodded knowingly and with a snap of his fingers.

Shortly thereafter, a beautiful woman came out and signaled the Pet Beast behind the customer to follow her into an empty grooming room.

“By the way, Boss Liu, do you know that another foster shop has come to Monster Wooden City from Xieyun City?” A customer asked casually while waiting.

“Xieyun City…” Liu Fengyun’s smile momentarily faltered, “Do their foster shops also come to Monster Wooden City to open branches?”

“I don’t know about that,” The customer shrugged, “But the boss of that new foster store is quite interesting. You don’t know, I was there at that time…”

The customer went on to recount the incident at the Beast Master Association, before looking at Liu Fengyun, “If it were you, Boss Liu, could you make that Lion Dragon Beast grow its fur again?”

Liu Fengyun’s face showed a hint of thought. After a moment, he shook his head slightly, “By using acceleration drugs, you can restore it to its original state in a month, but I cannot do it with a single grooming session.”

“Is that so…” the customer suddenly looked curious, “You are the best groomer I have ever seen, and even you can’t do it?”

“If I guess correctly, the Boss Xu you are talking about can’t do it either.” Liu Fengyun hinted at something and continued to smile.

“Huh?” The customer looked surprised, “His bet with Boss Liu of Universe Foster Store is not small. If he loses, he needs to work at Universe Foster Store for a year. If he can’t do it, then why would he bet that way?”

“Is there a possibility…” Liu Fengyun’s face showed a strange smile, “That he doesn’t want the Lion Dragon Beast to regrow its hair at all?”

—————–

“I plan to entirely change the style of the Lion Dragon Beast.”

Back at his foster shop, responding to the curiosity of the three little ones, Xu Ran said so.

“Even with the best hair growth drugs, it would take half a month for the Lion Dragon Beast to recovery,” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, “So wanting to recover immediately to its previous state is simply impossible.”

“But, even if it can’t recover to its previous state, it doesn’t mean it can’t be trimmed into another style.”

“Xi Lu~” (But how is this different from what Liu Yu did before?)

Star gave a neigh, filled with curiosity and confusion.

What Liu Yu did isn’t just styling, right?

Why when Xu Ran continues to groom, can he make the Lion Dragon Beast better?

The principle is actually very simple.” Xu Ran turned his head to look at the three little ones, then fixed his gaze on Ziyun. “For example, if I trim Ziyun’s tail furry shorter and leave the rest as is.”

“Meow?!” (What!?)

Ziyun’s pupils shrink, she quickly hid her large, floaty tail like a cloud between her back legs.

Don’t look at me! I don’t have a tail!

She wouldn’t want a beautiful tail like this to be reduced to just a skinny tail!

It would be too ugly!

“Sure~” (That would definitely not look good.)

Cancan imagined Ziyun’s shorter tail fur and quickly shook his head.

“If I were to, on this basis, trim the fur around Ziyun’s neck, and make some adjustments on her body fur as well…”

As Xu Ran spoke, he took out his pen and started to sketch on a white piece of paper. Soon, an image of Ziyun with shorter fur appeared on the sheet.

“What do you think?” After the sketch was complete, Xu Ran showed the drawing to the three little ones.

“Xi Lu~” (It seems to look not bad like this?)

In Star’s voice, there was a hint of uncertainty.

Could it be his aesthetics was off, why does a short-haired Ziyun seem quite good-looking?

“Sure~” (Indeed.)

Cancan, on the side, nodded in agreement.

It felt that this styling looked good.

“Meow…” (This…)

Staring at the unmistakably different image of herself on paper, Ziyun’s eyes widened initially then, unexpectedly, she seemed moved.

It wasn’t entirely unacceptable to change her appearance once in a while…

“Of course, I wouldn’t actually cut Ziyun’s fur.” Xu Ran quickly tore up the sketch, dispelling the thoughts of the three little ones, “I advocate for the natural beauty of pet beasts, and wouldn’t make such adjustments unless necessary.”

“The previous one was just a simple example.” He crumpled the wasted paper into a ball and threw it into the bins, and went on, “The essence of grooming is to find a balance.”

“Aside from cleaning, the most crucial part of grooming is to maintain the pet beast in its prime state by enhancing its overall balance.”

“For wind attribute pet beasts with feathers or fur, their fur should be kept as smooth and silky as possible, so that in flight or wind battles, they can showcase their needed flexibility without any hindrance.”

“For water attribute pet beasts, their skin tends to be smooth or they possess oil-secreting hair that is water resistant. During grooming, it is very important to maintain the balance of their fur’s oil and water.”

“Thunder attribute, fire attribute, earth attribute… all kinds of attributes and species have their corresponding grooming needs, and these needs are determined based on their abilities and physique…”

Xu Ran paused to see the puzzled faces of the three little ones, and laughed helplessly, “Forget it, let’s not talk about this.”

“Anyway, the Lion Dragon Beast will be as good as new after tomorrow’s grooming.”

“Alright, it’s getting late.” Xu Ran glanced at the sky and changed subjects, “I need to start meditating, you three can go play.”

Upon hearing what Xu Ran said, the three little ones glanced at each other, a glint of ambition flashed in their eyes.

But before any ideas could form, Xu Ran’s next comment was already spoken.

“But you are not allowed to leave the city again!”

“Sure~” (Alright…)

Cancan replied listlessly, feeling like an explorer who’s lost his dreams.

“Meow~” (When would we get to see the place Cancan was talking about~)

As Ziyun shook her head, her eyes filled with expectancy.

She had a hunch that the thunderous sound, buried deep underground, meant something important to her!

“Tomorrow then.” Already sitting cross-legged on the bed in a meditation pose, Xu Ran casually responded, “After grooming the Lion Dragon Beast tomorrow, I’ll begin grooming the rest of the Ground Raccoon Tribe.”

“If all goes well, the grooming should be done by the end of the day.”

“Then after closing, we can go out of the city to take a look.” Xu Ran paused, “It just so happens that Star will get more blessings at night.”

As he spoke, Xu Ran slowly closed his eyes and sunk into deep meditation.

At this moment, however, Star and Cancan’s expressions changed slightly.

Those ground raccoons will indeed be groomed in the shop!

Oh no! If they see them tomorrow, won’t they be socially embarrassed?!