Chapter 425: 262 You Really Are Smart_2

Chapter 425: Chapter 262 You Really Are Smart_2

“What’s the matter?” The staff member who heard the voice came over and looked at Liu Yu.

“He claims his store was invited to settle in by the Association from Xieyun City, and you’re in charge of this work. Is this true?” Liu Yu pointed at Xu Ran, his voice involuntarily raising so that others could also hear.

Indeed!

How old is this young man? Are what he says really feasible?

At this thought, the others snapped out of their previous shock, and a hint of doubt appeared in their eyes.

“It’s Mr. Xu.” Zhang He turned around, and seeing Xu Ran, the smile on his face deepened. “That is right. Mr. Xu was indeed invited by the Association from Xieyun City.”

“Mr. Xu, how’s your pet fosterage shop looking? I will definitely come and visit when it officially opens.”

Xu Ran also recognized this staff member who took him to see the shop two days ago. He smiled slightly, “Thank you for the support, we just opened yesterday.”

“Yesterday?!” A look of surprise flashed across Zhang He’s face.

Although the building given to Xu Ran is large, only the exterior has been decorated. In order to allow Xu Ran to build according to his own ideas, the interior is entirely in a rough state.

Handed it to him the day before yesterday, and opened yesterday?!

As expected of a Beast Master from Xieyun City, very efficient indeed.

An admiration appeared in Zhang He’s eyes, “In that case, I will definitely come when I find some free time in the next few days.”

Next Zhang He turned to look at Liu Yu, who he already knew, “Boss Liu, Boss Xu’s Starfire Foster Shop is a top pet fosterage shop in Xieyun City. You are peers and should exchange more… why does your expression look so ugly?”

“It’s nothing.” Liu Yu took a deep breath, struggling to calm his gloomy expression and shocked heart.

Turns out… it’s real.

“If there’s nothing else, I’ll excuse myself first.” Zhang He looked around and then excused himself.

Although he noticed the strange atmosphere here, he still had urgent matters to attend to.

With Zhang He’s confirmation, no one doubted Xu Ran’s identity here anymore.

After a moment of silence, Liu Yu slowly spoke, “Even if you are a fosterage shop relocated from Xieyun City, this matter doesn’t give you the right to intervene. At our Universe Foster Store, we will treat our customers…”

“Boss Liu, hold on a moment.” The Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast interrupted Liu Yu’s words, “You just said that your shop would enhance my Lion Dragon Beast for free and solve the current problem, correct?”

“Yes, that’s correct.” Liu Yu quickly nodded, managing to squeeze out a slight smile, “Mr. Zhou, you are a regular customer of our shop, please trust our services.”

Although Liu Yu was sincere at this moment, the customer who had just been tricked obviously didn’t seem to buy it.

“In that case, please lay out the solution for me.” The customer said calmly, “If I’m satisfied with your solution, I’ll consider it.”

“Otherwise, I’m considering trying out this man’s fosterage shop.”

“You’re always welcome.” Xu Ran showed a smile.

It’s not like he had to snatch this customer, but their grooming was truly terrible.

Upon closer inspection of the Lion Dragon Beast, Xu Ran could affirm this, in addition to the messy trimming, the fur care of the Lion Dragon Beast was also terrible, it really was just washed clean.

Xu Ran didn’t believe that they could come up with a satisfactory solution.

Therefore, Xu Ran was also curious about what kind of solution the boss of Universe Foster Store would come up with.

For a moment, everyone else’s gaze fell on Liu Yu.

A bead of cold sweat emerged from Liu Yu’s forehead.

He made an after-sale proposal just to placate things momentarily.

If worst comes to worst, he’d swallow his pride and secretly seek help from other familiar fosterage shops, without airing the matter publicly, the reputation of Universe Foster Store wouldn’t suffer too much damage.

Unexpectedly, the customer now wants him to propose the solution.

What the hell does he know about solutions, with the fur already trimmed like this, can he make it grow back?

But Liu Yu knew all too well, any attempt to evade at this point would be fruitless, he had to immediately offer a solution that would satisfy the customer, otherwise, the customer would surely seek help from the Starfire Foster Shop.

And his Universe Foster Store, would suffer a major blow to its reputation all at once.

At this thought, Liu Yu couldn’t help but glare at Xu Ran.

It’s this damned kid!

If it weren’t for him, the customer would surely have accepted my proposal and things could have temporarily settled down.

Taking a deep breath, in his desperation, Liu Yu thought of his wife who was losing hair rapidly, a spark of inspiration darted across his mind.

“Hair plugs!” Liu Yu exclaimed loudly, “We could use a method similar to human hair plugs to attach artificial fur to your Pet Beast, restoring it to its original appearance!”

Upon finishing, a release of tension displayed itself as a small, relaxed smile on Liu Yu’s face.@@novelbin@@

Regarding the solution he had come up with on the spot, Liu Yu was highly satisfied.

If the fur has been cut too short, just replace it with a fake one…

“Snort~”

A laughter that could not be contained resounded in the silence.

Xu Ran held one hand in front of his mouth, his expression strained as he tried to suppress his laughter. He gave a violent cough, and waved his hand to Liu Yu and the Lion Dragon Beast’s Beast Master, “Excuse me, I couldn’t help it. Please, continue.”

Using artificial fur on a Pet Beast.

The person who came up with this idea, Liu Yu, was really clever.

The body of an ordinary creature is constantly undergoing metamorphosis under the influence of Transcendent Power after awakening as a Transcendent Being. Even their fur would undergo the same transformation.

The fur of a powerful Transcendent Being could become indestructible.

Therefore, the Washing and Protection of Transcendent Beings is not as simple as a bath in the ordinary sense. The process of Washing and Protection involves allowing care products mixed with specific Transcendent Resources to be absorbed into the fur, providing deep nourishment.

Liu Yu’s solution might seem to solve the Lion Dragon Beast’s problem on the surface, but in reality it’s like amputating a leg and replacing it with a prosthetic, and moreover, a bad quality plastic one.

Thinking of this, Xu Ran couldn’t help but glance at the Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast.

It’s not his place to say more at this point, he could only hope that the Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast would comprehend the discrepancy.

After hearing Xu Ran’s laughter, the Beast Master of the Lion Dragon Beast showed a contemplative expression.

At first, he thought this solution was okay.

But after hearing the laughter of Mr. Xu, he had a vague feeling that something was not quite right.

Attaching fake fur to the Lion Dragon Beast, even if the appearance looks the same, the fur is ultimately not the Lion Dragon Beast’s own. They are burdens that definitely affect the Lion Dragon Beast’s power.

And also… The customer turned his head and exchanged a look with his Pet Beast.

In the eyes of the Lion Dragon Beast, he saw a firm refusal.

“I’m sorry, I cannot accept this method.” Having made up his mind, the customer spoke calmly, and then turned to Xu Ran, “You said you can provide a secondary washing and protection for my Lion Dragon Beast, is that true?”

Before Xu Ran could respond, Liu Yu quickly returned to his senses from his disappointment and anger.

He fiercely glared at Xu Ran, who had messed up his plans, and then spoke in a low voice, “Secondary washing and protection? This guy is probably just trying to trick you!”

“The fur of the Lion Dragon Beast has already been cut this way, I can’t make the Lion Dragon Beast’s fur grow back, so how could he?”

Hearing this, a peculiar glint flashed in Xu Ran’s eyes.

This tone…

Feels kind of familiar…

“In that case, why don’t we have a bet?” Seeing the angry Liu Yu, Xu Ran chuckled, “We’ll bet on whether or not I can complete the washing and protection of the Lion Dragon Beast.”

A bet?

Liu Yu was slightly stunned and then spoke in a deep voice.

“What do you want to bet?”

“Simple.” Xu Ran pointed to the Lion Dragon Beast, “If I succeed, your Universe Foster Store must recommend your wash and care customers to my shop.”

“You wish!” Liu Yu snorted, “And if you fail, I want you to work in our store for a year!”

“Seems to me like you’re the one who is dreaming.” Xu Ran looked at Liu Yu with a smirk, “But deal.”