Chapter 423: 261: Dispute Cases Within The Association_2

Chapter 423: Chapter 261: Dispute Cases within the Association_2

Perfect!

Ignoring the antics of the three little ones, Xu Ran’s attention was fully focused on the small booklet in his hands.

Li Tutu’s previous explanation was too cursory, and many details were left untouched. But considering his opponent’s low strength, it was hardly surprising.

At this point, Xu Ran finally learned the full details of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, formally known as the Battle of the Thousand Tribes Vying for Supremacy, is organized by the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu and is a contest in which all sentient beings within the Monster Wooden Domain could participate.

It is held annually. Apart from providing opportunities for the quarrelsome Transcendent Beings to vent their frustrations, it is also a chance for the Transcendent Beings within the Monster Wooden Domain to vie for better resources.

According to different strengths, the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes is divided into four stages—Elite Stage, Leadership Stage, General Stage, and King Stage. Each stage is conducted at different times.

In every battle, the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu would morph its branches into a stairway to heaven. This stairway has a hundred leaves, each capable of accommodating a corresponding strength Transcendent Being for battle.

In the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, besides the final placing determined by the height of the leaf placements along with the distribution of ranking rewards, every leaf has a reward item prepared by the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu.

At the moment the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes officially ends, the remaining competitors on the leaves could claim the corresponding rewards.

As per the height of the leaves, the value of the rewards increases from bottom to top.

However, the best reward isn’t necessarily at the topmost leaf.

After all, there are ten different attributes to the resources.

What suits one best is the best resource.

So, besides fighting for ranking rewards, the suitability of the resources on the leaves should also be taken into consideration.

“The General Stage is the third stage of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.” Xu Ran slowly closed the booklet. “According to the introduction, each stage of the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes will last for a day.”

“So, let’s familiarize ourselves with the rules first. We will also get a chance to watch the Battles of the Elite Stage and the Leadership Stage in advance.”@@novelbin@@

The three little ones nodded in agreement.

After reading about the rules in the booklet, they shared this idea.

“No matter what, the registration is done, and the burden on our hearts is finally lifted.” Xu Ran gently patted Ziyun’s head, “We must get that Extreme Source Vein Crystal.”

At this moment, Star and Cancan also expressed their determination to give their all.

“Meow~” (Excellent!)

Ziyun brushed against Xu Ran’s hand, her eyes filled with excitement.

Evolution Progress +1!

Then, Ziyun sneaked a glance at the other two little ones.

In that case, she’d write off their leaving her out of their fun earlier today!

Just as Xu Ran and his three Pet Beasts were about to leave the Beast Master Association, an angry voice echoed from the entrance of the Association.

“You’ve ruined my Pet Beast with your cleaning. I demand an explanation today, regardless of what!”

Huh?

Hearing these words, Xu Ran and his pets halted their steps, looking towards the source of the commotion.

At the center of their vision, two men were confronting each other. A staff member from the Association stood by them, trying to mediate the situation. However, his face was filled with a mix of helplessness and unease.

At the center of the scene, apart from the two men and the staff member, there was also a Pet Beast.

It was a Transcendent Being resembling a ferocious lion with mighty muscles all over its body and two curved, pointed dragon horns on its head. Under its dark brown fur, a terrifying power seemed to be surging.

Dark Attribute General Stage · King Species Pet Beast, Lion Dragon Beast.

However, at this moment, this beast, which should have been majestic and intimidating, appeared somewhat ridiculous. This was because the mane around its neck had been completely shorn off, making it look as if it were a lion missing its crown. There were also visible trimmings on its tail.

After such a rough trim, the stalwart Lion Dragon Beast seemed to have lost some of its awe-inspiring demeanor, taking a nosedive in the attractiveness department.

No wonder the Master of the Lion Dragon Beast, a visibly angry middle-aged man, would utter such words.

Xu Ran couldn’t help but turn his gaze towards the man standing in conflict with the Lion Dragon Beast’s Beast Master. His expression was rather unpleasant. It was apparent that the words of the Lion Dragon Beast’s Beast Master had caused him great embarrassment.

Besides Xu Ran, many people within the Association had noticed the situation over here due to the loud voice just now. They also roughly guessed what was going on, and immediately all eyes were on the Foster Shop Owner, curious to find out which foster shop it was.

Upon closer inspection, the expressions of the people present changed to one of astonishment.

“Isn’t that Boss Liu from the Universe Foster Store?” A passerby not far from Xu Ran couldn’t help but murmur, “They also launched Washing and Protection Services? But their skills are way too poor, aren’t they?”

“Excuse me.” Xu Ran lightly tapped the man’s shoulder, “The Universe Foster Store you just mentioned, is it famous?”

“Of course!” The passerby nodded vigorously, “This is one of the top three Foster Stores in Monster Wooden City in terms of overall service level, um…excluding Washing and Protection, that is.”

“I see.” Xu Ran nodded slightly. Looking at that Foster Shop Owner again, there was a hint of strangeness in his eyes.

Clearly, the owner of the Universe Foster Store had seen more and more foster stores in Monster Wooden City launching Washing and Protection services, and so decided to follow suit.

From a business perspective, this approach was not to be blamed.

But…

It seemed that the other party had overly simplified the concept of Washing and Protection, thus leading to this current debacle.

Thinking of this, Xu Ran crossed his arms and continued to watch with interest.

As more and more people recognized him, the expression on Liu Yu, the owner of the Universe Foster Store, became increasingly unpleasant.

The unfolding of events was pretty much as Xu Ran had speculated.

With the successive introduction of Washing and Protection services by other foster stores, the survival space of the Universe Foster Store was being squeezed.

After all, customers who had used the washing and protection services elsewhere might likely give the rest of their business to other foster stores too.

So, this new trend posed a significant threat to the Universe Foster Store, which has always stayed away from it.

The Universe Foster Store needed to have its own Washing and Protection technique.

From Liu Yu’s standpoint, Washing and Protection was simply about cleaning a dirty pet beast. He thought those in the same industry were charging ludicrous prices for such a minor service.

So, he had intentionally set his Washing and Protection prices much lower than his competitors, personally tending to the pet beasts.

Thanks to the low prices and the reputation the Universe Foster Store had always had, there was a continuous stream of customers coming in for Washing and Protection services.

Initially, things were progressing smoothly. Relying on his self-learned cleaning techniques, Liu Yu successfully cleaned the customers’ pet beasts.

However, the good times didn’t last, as he soon ran into huge trouble when he undertook the Washing and Protection of the Lion Dragon Beast brought in by the customer at hand.

Large patches of tangled fur appeared on the Lion Dragon Beast’s body, tangles so severe that Liu Yu could not comb through.

Faced with this situation, in his desperation, Liu Yu chose another method.

Clip!

Wouldn’t the problem be solved by just trimming off the tangled fur?

The idea was good indeed, but Liu Yu had clearly overestimated himself.

After trimming off the tangled fur, the Lion Dragon Beast’s fur became uneven and pitted. To fix this, Liu Yu had to trim some of the untangled fur as well.

But as he wasn’t very skilled, he ended up creating more uneven patches after each trim, forcing him to keep trimming…

In the end, the Lion Dragon Beast was practically shaven bald by him.

As more and more people were paying attention to what was happening, Liu Yu was filled with regret for impulsively starting a new service, and was also feeling extremely anxious.

It was one thing if the Washing and Protection service had issues, but if it ruined the reputation the Universe Foster Store had built over time, that would be a major issue.

So, he couldn’t admit fault too easily!

With that in mind, Liu Yu took a deep breath and spoke solemnly, “Your pet beast has severe tangles in its fur in many places that are impossible to untangle. Trimming was the only solution. There is nothing wrong with our Washing and Protection Service. The result would be the same wherever you go for the service!”

Before he could say anything else, Xu Ran’s voice echoed leisurely.

“Who said that the result would be the same wherever the service is performed?”