Chapter 420: 259: An Unexpected Customer

Chapter 420: Chapter 259: An Unexpected Customer

Group_i

“Luh?”

Beast Emperor? No, it’s not!

Hearing his companion’s endless inquiries, Da Xiong quickly recovered.

However, facing the eager gazes of his tribe, he could only tell them the truth – the Beast Emperor still hadn’t produced any Mystical Wood Dew.

“Luh…”

A wave of disappointment echoed around them.

The Beast Emperor still hadn’t produced any Mystical Wood Dew, evaporating the glimmer of hope they had just kindled.

They hadn’t cleaned their bodies in such a long time that they could noticeably feel the toll it was taking on them.

It wasn’t just them, all the transcendent creatures in the Monster Wooden

Domain were in the same state.

“Luh!”

Everyone, quiet down!

A rather commanding voice came from the earth raccoon tribe.

The strongest earth raccoon in the tribe stepped forward to face Da Xiong.

It carefully examined Da Xiong, surprise evident in its eyes.

This isn’t Mystical Wood Dew.

Bathing in Mystical Wood Dew didn’t give these results.

“Luh?”

Where did you get this?

The Earth Raccoon leader asked.

“Luh luhluh-”

It’s from where a human in Monster Wooden City washed me!

When it came to his grooming, the glow in Da Xiong’s eyes had become even brighter.

This made him recall the comfortable time he spent during the grooming, the feeling as if he had almost flown off had surfaced once again.

“Luh…”

So, humans can provide grooming services as well…

A thoughtful expression crossed the Earth Raccoon’s face.

The Earth Raccoon tribe wasn’t originally from the Monster Wooden Domain.@@novelbin@@

They moved here as a tribe after the domain had been established.

So much time had passed that the tribespeople who had experienced the migration were nearing the end of their lifespans. Only it, being the oldest among them, was a witness to that era.

Although humans lived in harmony with the wild transcendent creatures in the Monster Wooden Domain, the Earth Raccoon Tribe Leader instinctively kept its distance based on past experiences.

However…

Looking at the anticipation in the tribe, the leader of the earth raccoon tribe sighed inwardly.

“Luh?”

What’s the price for humans’ grooming?

The price?

Hearing the leader’s question, Da Xiong seemed to be lost in thought.

He had seen the price for grooming on the wall of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Both he and the other members of his tribe fell within the category of mediumsized pet beasts, and each grooming session cost 26,666 yuan in human currency.

Human currency wasn’t used among the wild transcendent beings; they preferred to use Beast Master Points, or resources of equivalent value.

Round it up, grooming cost about 27 Beast Master points, in resources it is…

Daxiong’s eyes lit up suddenly and he blurted out excitedly,

“Luh!”

Three Luminous Earth Stones can be exchanged for a grooming session!

Luminous soil stones, an earth attribute resource found deep underground, were something of a transcendent level. When exchanged with Beast Master points, nine points could get you one.

Due to these stones’ unremarkable value and rarity, they were infrequently

seen.

However, for the earth raccoons, who possessed the burrowing ability, finding these resources was not really a challenge.

As a matter of fact, the reason they chose this area as their territory was the abundance of Luminous Soil Stones hidden deep underground.

You could even describe it as a Luminous Soil Stone mine!

Three stones for one grooming session was not only inexpensive for the earth raccoons, it was practically a steal! Without any free Mystical Wood Dew available, the fact that they could exchange such a low cost for a grooming session was great!

Seeing the eagerness of the other members of the tribe, the Earth Raccoon tribe leader waved its paw after pondering for a moment.

“Luh!”

Let’s go! We’re all going to Monster Wooden City for grooming!

“I wonder if we will have any business this afternoon?

In the foster shop, Xu Ran sat behind the counter, resting his chin in his hand, and watching the pedestrians outside.

A few curious guests had come in for a look after Qi Le and Da Xiong’s departure, but none of them made any purchases.

So, he could only hope for some afternoon customers.

However, with time passing and no new customers entering the shop, Xu Ran’s expression gradually became one of disappointment.

Just then, a familiar voice came from outside the shop.

“Luh!”

The next moment, Da Xiong appeared at the entrance.

Recognizing the reappearing Da Xiong, Xu Ran was taken aback, he couldn’t help but stand up and greet, “You’re back? Were you not happy with the grooming?”

“Luh~”

Da Xiong shook his head vigorously.

Dissatisfied? Impossible!

Raising one paw to signal Xu Ran to wait, Da Xiong then popped his head out of the shop door and let out a loud shout outside the shop.

A moment later, a flurry of Earth Raccoons, similar in appearance to Da Xiong, walked into Xu Ran’s shop, causing Xu Ran to widen his eyes in astonishment.

What’s going on now?

“Purr!”

Seeing the baffled look on Xu Ran’s face, Da Xiong strode over to the price menu hanging on the wall and whacked the pricing for medium-sized pet beasts with his paw. Then, he walked up to Xu Ran and produced three diamond-shaped soil-yellow stones pulsating with energy.

“What is this?” Xu Ran took the stones subconsciously, a bewildered look on his face.

He had some impression of this sort of resource.

These were a type of Transcendent resource known as Luminous Soil Stones. They would usually cost around 10 Beast Master Points to exchange, equivalent to roughly 30,000 yuan for three…

Wait, what?!

Watching Da Xiong push one of his tribe members to him and point at the Grooming Room, then looking at the three Luminous Earth Stones in his hand and the price chart on the wall, an odd look spread across Xu Ran s face.

“You mean… pay for grooming with resources?”

“Purr!”

Seeing that Xu Ran finally got his meaning, Da Xiong nodded in satisfaction. At the same time, he swiped at nonexistent sweat on his forehead with his paw.

So tiring!

Communicating with Qi Le was much easier.

At this moment, Da Xiong started missing his good friend.

“Hmm…” Xu Ran stroked his chin, a thoughtful expression on his face.

Using Transcendent resources, which could be exchanged for Beast Master Points to pay for grooming, he was undoubtedly profiting.

After all, one Beast Master Point theoretically equated to a thousand yuan, but in reality, no one was willing to make such a trade.

Even though he wouldn’t gain any Pleasure value for grooming these dozens of Earth Raccoons.

Even though this group of customers was a bit strange and didn’t quite fit the target customers for a Foster Shop.

But…

He had just opened his shop, it was better than having nothing to do. “Alright! I’ll groom you all next!” Having made up his mind, Xu Ran nodded towards the group of Earth Raccoons.

“Purr Purr Purr!”

The Earth Raccoons immediately burst into excited cheers. One that appeared to be the most elderly and also the most powerful among them stepped forward. He walked up to Xu Ran, giving him a deep look.

“Purr-”

Human, on behalf of my tribe, I thank you in advance.

“You’re welcome.” Although he couldn’t understand the Earth Raccoon s language, he could infer from its attitude. Xu Ran smiled in response.

In a short while, a line of Earth Raccoons stood obediently at the door of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, each waiting for Xu Ran to groom them in turn.

“Come back tomorrow for the rest.”

As the sun sank and dusk approached, Xu Ran looked at the majority of Earth Raccoons still waiting for grooming and shrugged helplessly, “Our Shop needs to suspend business now.”

“Purr Purr Purr?”

The Earth Raccoons who hadn’t been groomed yet were taken aback and became quite anxious.

After witnessing their companions looking as clean as Da Xiong after grooming, they had already begun fantasizing about their post- grooming appearance.

Now he tells them that their grooming couldn’t continue today?

Several Earth Raccoons quickly approached Xu Ran, trying to emotionally persuade him to stay open for them.

Ziyun, who has finished her training and returned to the counter, narrowed her eyes slightly. She was on the verge of demonstrating her aura of a General stage King Species when a commanding voice rang out.

“Purr!”

Keep quiet, everyone!

The leader of the Earth Raccoon Group stepped forward, sharply knocking on the heads of a few raccoons who were closest to Xu Ran. He then nodded at Xu Ran, indicating that he would maintain order here.

“Thankyou.” Xu Ran smiled politely, then spoke regretfully to the still- ungroomed Earth Raccoons, “I’m sorry, I don’t have any more time today. I promise to finish grooming everyone tomorrow.”

Having received Xu Ran’s promise and with the stare of the group leader on them, the Earth Raccoons immediately calmed down.

Under the guidance of their leader, they orderly left the Starfire Foster Care Shop, even taking away the trash they left behind.

“Meow-” (I was about to take action.)

After the Earth Raccoons left, Ziyun lazily snuggled her two front paws back into her bosom, half closing her eyes as she sprawled on the counter.

Seeing those Earth Raccoons getting so close to Xu Ran, about to clutch at his clothes, she couldn’t stand it.

“This is the Monster Wooden City, where wild super creatures are no longer targets for human aggression.” Xu Ran laughed aloud and patted Ziyun’s head, “They won’t do anything to me, and besides…”

“Even if they wanted to do something, my current strength is enough to subdue them.”

Although he hadn’t contracted a fourth pet beast, causing the feedbackhe received to still come from the Three Little Ones.

But with the higher power feedback ratio of the Fourth Stage contract power and a significant increase in the Three Little Ones’ strength after advancing, Xu Ran’s own power is not to be underestimated.

He could now easily suppress Leader Stage strength, even if he couldn’t fight General Stage barehanded.

“Meow-” (I was just worried-)

Ziyun willingly moved her head into Xu Ran’s hand and rubbed against it forcefully.

Her Beast Master is not someone who can be approached casually by others!

“Okay, okay.” Xu Ran smiled at the clingy Ziyun, “Where did Star and Cancan go? It’s time for dinner.”

“Meow?” (The two of them?)

Ziyun blinked, a thoughtful look in her eyes.

That’s right!

The two of them had clearly finished their six-hour training with her, so why was she the only one in the shop accompanying Xu Ran?

Where did they go?!