Chapter 429: 264 Fulfilling The Bet! (Two In One)_3

Chapter 429: Chapter 264 Fulfilling the Bet! (Two in One)_3

On seeing this scene, Zhou Hong’s expression subtly changed.

He could naturally tell that this was just a preliminary wash and basic cleaning for his Lion Dragon Beast.

But the problem was, the Lion Dragon Beast had already undergone bathing and grooming yesterday.

Even though that bath was rather poor, but…

Did they not even wash it clean?

With this thought, Zhou Hong turned to glance at Liu Yu, his look carried an added touch of displeasure.

Wiping the slight sweat off his forehead, Liu Yu was already feeling immense pressure.

He had clearly washed the Lion Dragon Beast inside and out twice yesterday, yet there was still so much dirt left?

Or did the Lion Dragon Beast get dirty overnight?

Feeling Zhou Hong’s discontented gaze, Liu Yu figured, it must be the former.

This left him even more dumbfounded.

The grooming trimmed remains, hadn’t it been cleaned properly?!

Before he could think further, a pleasant noise echoed in the grooming room.

“Roar~”

It was the voice of the Lion Dragon Beast.

Under Xu Ran’s gentle massage at the base of its fur, the Lion Dragon Beast experienced an electrifying pleasure all over its body.

Every hair follicle was tenderly cared for, making it feel like returning to a warm, cozy cradle.

The Lion Dragon Beast’s eyes slowly became glazed, and a contended look appeared on its face.

[Pleasure value from Lion Dragon Beast +30]

[Pleasure value from Lion Dragon Beast +30]

[From…]

Seeing the continuous pop-up notifications, Xu Ran’s smile brightened a bit more.

After two days of the store opening, he finally saw the first increment in pleasure value.

He had given grooming services to the Ground Raccoon Tribe for half a day yesterday, and while he had received numerous Skill Fragments, he gained no pleasure value since all the raccoons were wild Super Creatures.

Here was the first pleasure value earned by the Monster Wooden City’s Starfire Fosterage.@@novelbin@@

Thinking of this, he looked at the Lion Dragon Beast with an even friendlier gaze.

The force he used in his hands unconsciously became more gentle and soft.

As a result, the tremors of the Lion Dragon Beast intensified.

This comfortable feeling made its entire body seem lighter.

Although it was a creature of the Dark Attribute, at this moment it suddenly felt the joy of the Wind Attribute.

“Roar~~”

Another sound, stranger than before, was squeaked out from its mouth.

Zhou Hong immediately cut off his shared perception with the Lion Dragon Beast. As he looked towards Xu Ran, his gaze held hints of surprise and joy.

The surprise was from seeing this side of the Lion Dragon Beast that he had never seen before, despite its character being stable and obedient.

The joy came from the realization that this grooming service that was so comfortable to the Lion Dragon Beast could indeed solve its problems!

On the other hand, the look on Liu Yu, who had witnessed this scene, had grown even darker.

He remembered very clearly that during the grooming he had given the Lion Dragon Beast yesterday, the beast gave no feedback or resistance, lying limply on the Care platform like a corpse.

And now…

Looking at the creature, shaking in delight with a confused stare, Liu Yu felt as if he was being repeatedly slapped in the face.

His hands clenched into fists, his breath becoming more rapid.

Damnit!!

Another wash…fur care… deep hair repair…

Xu Ran finished all the steps in an orderly manner, and weird noises from the Lion Dragon Beast echoed in the Grooming Room.

Liu Yu’s expression, initially embarrassed, had now turned numb.

Watching Xu Ran who was performing a grooming procedure far more professional than his own with such ease and artistry, Liu Yu clung to his last shred of hope.

That was, even after all these steps, the length of the Lion Dragon Beast’s fur had not changed, and the areas which were originally bald remained bald.

He hadn’t lost yet!

Soon, after completing all the hair care procedures, Xu Ran took out a delicate long pair of scissors and a long comb while the hair was still damp.

After meticulously combing and separating the fur of the Lion Dragon Beast into hundreds of different sections, Xu Ran held one section of the fur and snipped it with a “clack”.

Accompanied by a tuft of damp fur falling on the floor beneath the Care platform, the entire Grooming Room fell silent.

“What…” Zhou Hong was just rejoicing that he found a great bathing and grooming service, but now he couldn’t help standing up, his fists clenched as he looked at Xu Ran, “What are you doing?”

“Hahaha, isn’t it obvious? He’s giving the Lion Dragon Beast a haircut!” Liu Yu, initially shocked, burst into laughter.

Trim!

Trim more!

Originally, he had been wondering what method Xu Ran would use to make the Lion Dragon Beast grow more fur.

He never expected that Xu Ran had no such thoughts and was planning to continue trimming the Lion Dragon Beast’s hair.

It was already trimmed so baldly, wouldn’t it become even balder with further trimming?

Thinking of this, Liu Yu felt overjoyed.

It was evident that this guy, Xu Ran, indeed had skills in grooming. It just so happened that their Universe Foster Store lacked talent in this area, getting him to work for him for a year was a great deal!

After a year, when he had learned this technique, he would kick this annoying guy out!

For a moment, Liu Yu had even planned his actions when the gamble ended after a year.