Chapter 427: 264 Fulfilling The Bet! (Two In One)_1

Chapter 427: Chapter 264 Fulfilling the Bet! (Two in One)_1

Time passed, and it was the next morning.

The time for the bet between Xu Ran and the owner of the Universe Foster Store, Liu Yu, which had been settled yesterday, had arrived.

Early in the morning, Zhou Hong, with his Lion Dragon Beast whose appearance had greatly deteriorated, arrived in front of the Starfire Foster Care Shop following the address given by Xu Ran the day before.

For Xu Ran and Liu Yu, this was a gambit with significant stakes on the line, and for him, it was the only chance for his pet beast to recover.

Time passed by the minute and second.

The shop door of the Starfire Foster Care Shop had not yet opened, yet more and more people were standing outside. These were the people who had witnessed the argument between Xu Ran and Liu Yu with their own eyes or had heard about it from others, and had therefore come specifically to watch the spectacle.

Although Xieyun City didn’t have as powerful forces to maintain peace and order, the biggest feature of Monster Wooden City was its peace and stability, so there were plenty of idle bystanders as well.

During their wait, the door of the Starfire Foster Care Shop slowly opened.

“Welcome to the Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

Xu Ran stepped out of the shop door, smiling at Zhou Hong.

Behind him stood the three little ones who had come with him.

“Good morning, Boss Xu.” Zhou Hong curiously glanced at the natural layout inside the shop through the door, “Shall we start now?”

Without waiting for Xu Ran to answer, someone among the bystanders couldn’t help but speak up.

“Wait a minute! The other main character hasn’t arrived yet!”

“Yes, yes! Let’s wait for Boss Liu to arrive!”

“…”

“Then let’s wait a little longer for Boss Liu, to avoid any disputes.” Xu Ran spread his hands.

“Fair enough.” Zhou Hong calmed down and nodded slightly.

Not making the crowd wait too long, a figure quickly approached from a distance.

The crowd automatically made way for him, and Liu Yu walked up to Xu Ran and Zhou Hong without expression, “Let’s begin.”

“Please come in.” Xu Ran extended his hand, motioned towards the shop, and then turned around and went in.

Including the bystanders, everyone excitedly followed inside.

They had never seen this Starfire Foster Shop before, so aside from witnessing the bet firsthand, they also wanted to see what made this foster shop from Xieyun City different.

Upon entering the shop, Zhou Hong looked around and quickly spotted the price menu.

The washing and protection prices entered his view, slightly lifting his eyebrows.

The Lion Dragon Beast, being a large pet beast, would require over a hundred thousand at those foster shops in Monster Wooden City that already offer washing and protection services.

And at the Universe Foster Store, it only cost ten thousand.

This was one of the reasons why he chose the Universe Foster Store without hesitation.

And the result, clearly, wasn’t good.

Cheap goods are never good, it was a lesson learned the hard way.

Therefore, the moment he saw that Starfire Foster Shop’s prices were also cheaper than other shops’, his confidence in Starfire Foster Care Shop diminished a bit.

“Hehe.” Liu Yu glanced at the price menu and laughed out loud, “Your washing and protection prices are also cheaper than other shops, who knows about your skills.”

Seeing the expressions of the two and the changing faces of other bystanders, Xu Ran understood what was going on.

For a moment, he felt somewhat helpless.

He never expected that there would be a day when he would be doubted for charging too little.

“If you look at the price for fosterage and accompanying training, you should know that our shop’s charges are not cheap.” Xu Ran helplessly spread his hands, “In fact, washing and protection services in other cities are cheaper than in Monster Wooden City.”

“And Starfire Foster Care currently has three branches in different cities, all with uniform pricing.”

Three branches in three different cities?

Just hearing this, the crowd couldn’t help but feel a little amazed.

What kind of confidence is needed to achieve this?

After Xu Ran’s explanation, they looked at the prices for fosterage and accompanying training, and indeed found these two services to be more expensive than the most expensive ones in Monster Wooden City.

So…they simply unified the pricing of their chain stores?

For a moment, the crowd couldn’t help but look at Liu Yu with somewhat unfriendly eyes.

Were they being misled by this guy again?!@@novelbin@@

Liu Yu opened his mouth only to close it immediately after.

He suddenly felt it would be better not to speak.

After all, the final judgment would depend on the result of the grooming.

No matter how eloquently the young man talked, if he was unable to restore the Lion Dragon Beast that had already been shorn, he was bound to lose!

Thinking of this, Liu Yu glared at Xu Ran hatefully and stopped talking.

As for Zhou Hong, after hearing Xu Ran’s explanation, his confidence in Starfire Foster Care Shop was reignited.

“Boss Xu, I entrust my Lion Dragon Beast to you then.” Gently pushing the Lion Dragon Beast, indicating it to follow Boss Xu, Zhou Hong had a pleading expression on his face.

“Please be assured, I will do my best.” Xu Ran smiled, stretched out his hand and touched the Lion Dragon Beast’s huge head, “Do you want to accompany the grooming session, or wait in the outside lounge?”

“You can accompany?” Zhou Hong was taken aback for a moment and nodded without hesitation, “Then I choose to accompany!”

Although he had regained a lot of confidence in Starfire Foster Care Shop, if the grooming could be done right in front of his eyes and he could watch the whole process, he would feel even more assured.

Thinking of this, Zhou Hong couldn’t help but turn to look at Liu Yu.

The reason why the Lion Dragon Beast was groomed like this at Universe Foster Store was largely because Universe Foster Store did not allow the Beast Master to accompany the grooming process.