Chapter 421: 260: Explorer Cancan'S Discovery! _1

Chapter 421: Chapter 260: Explorer Cancan’s Discovery! _1

In the shop, while each person and their pet were pondering where Star and Cancan had gone, deep in the earth in a part of the Monster Wooden Domain, Cancan, who had adjusted her body to dozens of meters in length, was carrying Star and heading back in the direction of Monster Wooden City.

A yellowish-brown halo rippled around both pet beasts, causing the soil and solid rock layers to make way for them, as if melted instantly, when they encountered the halo, thereby creating an underground passage for them.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon LevebSubterranean Shape Pond!

A hint of anxiety flashed in Star’s eyes as he stood on Cancan’s back.

“Xi Lu- ” (By now, the shop should have finished for the day. I wonder if Xu Ran and Ziyun will be mad when they realize we’re missing.)

Upon hearing Star’s words, Cancan shook his head thinking about the times he was trashed by his elder sister, unable to help but shrink back.

But, their discovery from sneaking out this time gave Cancan a bit more confidence in his heart.

“Charming!” (Telling Xu Ran about what we found, he’ll definitely praise us!)

Hearing Cancan’s words, Star nodded slightly, easing his expression.

Indeed, they didn’t just sneak out of Monster Wooden City for a lark.

“Xi Lu-” (Anyway, I came along with you to keep an eye on you!)

Star added unconvinced.

“Charming-” (Sure, sure!)

Cancan shook its head a bit, and the speed of the transformation flow abruptly increased.

Then, its expression slightly froze.

From deep within the land in front, an energy fluctuation of the same Earth attribute was felt.

Moreover, these fluctuations did not stem from dead Transcendent Resources, but from the energy fluctuations emitted by Transcendent Beings.

And, these fluctuations also had a trend of getting closer.

Is this…

Before it could figure it out, the two sides had already seen each other.

A group of Earth Raccoons with grey fur, about two meters tall, with joy on their faces, immediately froze after seeing Cancan’s huge body and sensing the overwhelming strength.

It’s a General stage Transcendent Being!

A being too formidable to provoke for the Earth Raccoon Group. Even their leader was only at the Leadership Stage!

“Lu~”

Just passing by, by no means intended to offend.

The leader of the Earth Raccoons made a quick decision, immediately offering a respectful and apologetic gesture deep in the earth. He then ordered the rest of his tribe to take a detour around Cancan.

Looking at the quickly departing Earth Raccoons, a surprised look appeared on Cancan’s face.

Are they afraid of me?

A cunning color flashed through its eyes, and Cancan could not help but want to catch up and play a little prank.

“Xi Lu – ” (Hurry back to the shop.)

Star, sensing Cancan’s plan, quickly put an end to it by raising a front paw and forcefully pressed on Cancan’s shell.@@novelbin@@

“Charming…” (Alright…)

Cancan nodded regretfully and obediently accelerated in the direction of Monster Wooden City.

Giving Cancan a glance, Star suddenly spoke.

“Xi Lu – ” (Those Earth Raccoons… they should have been cleaned and protected in our store.)

“Charming?” (Huh?)

Cancan blinked, a surprised expression appeared on his face.

Those were wild Super Creatures, right? How could they have been cleaned and protected in our store?

“Xi Lu- ” (A portion of those Earth Raccoons have clearly been recently cleaned and protected, and that quality of cleaning and protection could only be done in our store, not others.)

Star analyzed seriously.

He had unmatched confidence in Xu Ran’s Cleaning and Protection skills.

“Charming!” (We’ll go back and ask then!)

Cancan slightly tilted his head up, sensing the landscape above the ground through Echoing of Earth Vein.

“Charming- ” (Hold tight, we’re surfacing!)

“The two of them are on their way back.”

Through Contractual Sensing and feeling the exact position of the two little ones, a peculiar expression appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

When did these two sneak out?

It was understandable to some extent if Cancan snuck out: even if it is now a General stage pet, it was not even two months old since it hatched, therefore behaving childishly, being mischievous, and sneaking out to play was pardonable.

But, why did Star follow him as well?

“Meow- ” (These two kids…)

Ziyun stretched out his languidly on the counter, then lightly leaped on the ground, unable to help but swipe a paw in the air.

It had already begun to contemplate on how to beat Star and Cancan once they return.

They snuck out to play, and they didn’t take him with them!

The two didn’t keep everyone in the shop waiting for too long, and soon the dust-covered figures of Cancan and Star appeared at the entrance of the shop.

Seeing Xu Ran and Ziyun, who were staring at them, the two little ones collectively shrugged.

“What’s the matter? What were you doing outside of the city for no reason?” Xu Ran crossed his arms and started to ask leisurely.

“Charming…” (I wanted to go out of the city and see…)

Cancan hung its head in embarrassment.

Ever since it gained the abilities to play around in the Subterranean Shape Pond and detect the Echoing of Earth Vein, allowing it to freely explore various resources outside the city, Cancan had become enamored with this feeling.

Back when it was in Xieyun City, Cancan had always wanted to see what kind of treasures it could find in Beast Zone No.47, which was known for its abundant resources. Unfortunately, Beast Zone No.7,7 was too dangerous. Even going as a leader was asking for trouble—let alone with the constraint of the Beast Trainer Ranking—it never got the chance to go.

Now staying in the Monster Wooden City, located within the same Beast Zone No. 7,7, which prohibits provocation and killing in its Monster Wooden Domain surrounding it, it’s much safer than other places.

Moreover, since Cancan had recently broken through to the General Stage and gained more self-preservation skills, it could no longer suppress the urge to explore.

On the second day of arriving in Monster Wooden City, Cancan sneaked out of the city, wanting to take a look at the scenery of Beast Zone No.47.

Cancan managed to slip by the easygoing Ziyun, but its actions weren’t left unnoticed by the more careful Star.

Soon, the escape of one pet beast turned into an escapade of two.

“You rascal…” Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, gently tapping Cancanon the head, “Even though Monster Wooden Domain is safer than other beast zones, we just got here.”

“We’re not familiar with the place, and there are many things that we haven’t explored yet, so you really shouldn’t be reckless.” Xu Ran then turned to look at Star, “And you, since you knew to follow Cancan, why didn’t you tell me through Contractual Sensing?”

“Xilu-” (I’m sorry.)

Star admitted its mistake diligently, lowering its head with an embarrassed expression on its face.

“It’s good you understand your mistake.” Xu Ran’s expression softened, “So no more sneaking out for a while. We’ll explore the surroundings once we’ve acclimated…”

“Charming!” (No!)

“Xilu!” (No!)

Before Xu Ran could finish, Cancan and Star simultaneously raised their heads, voicing their strong disagreement.

“You two…” Xu Ran couldn’t help but laugh in exasperation, “Still up to no good,huh?”

“Xi lu~” (No, we really found something today!)

Star shook its head, explaining.

“Oh?” Xu Ran raised an eyebrow.

Cancan actually found something just by wandering around?

“What did you find?”

The two pets looked at each other, before Cancan took the lead to speak.

“Charming- ” (I heard thunder deep within the earth!)

“Meow?” (What?)

Ziyun’s ears pricked up, surprise filling its eyes.

Why did it feel.Jike it was somehow relevant to this?

“Thunder beneath the earth?” Surprise crept onto Xu Ran’s face, “Did you go to explore it?”

“Charming…” (No…)

Cancan lowered its head again.

Speaking of this, it felt quite regretful.

The sound of thunder beneath the deep earth was at the limit of detection through the Echoing of Earth Vein. By the time it reached that distance, even the Echoing of Earth Vein could only vaguely sense some noises.

According to Cancan’s estimation, the resource emitting the thunder noise was at least at King-level. Furthermore, there were energy fluctuations from a powerful Transcendent Being nearby.

Considering many factors including that the time of Xu Ran’s store closing was nearing, to avoid startling the snake by hitting the grass, Cancan and Star decided to give up on the exploration for the time being.

“I see.” After listening to Cancan’s account, Xu Ran nodded in understanding, “So, do you remember the location?”

“Charming!” (Yes!)

Cancan nodded vigorously.

It had completely memorized the location and even left some markers only it and Star would understand, making it more convenient to find next time.

Xu Ran nodded, mulling over it for a moment before speaking firmly.

“Given this, you two really shouldn’t act recklessly.”

“We still don’t know much about that resource or the Transcendent Being nearby. The two of you exploring this on your own is too dangerous.” Looking at the dejected faces of the two pets, Xu Ran changed his tone, “That’s why we should all go together.”

“Meow!” (Yes! I must go!)

Ziyun nodded emphatically, enthusiasm gleaming in its eyes.

Not being included in Cancan and Star’s outing had already upset Ziyun. Not to mention, hearing about the resource Cancan had found, it was very likely a Thunder attribute resource.

This had more to do with it.

How could it miss the trip to find resources!

Caught by the sudden change of attitude, Star and Cancan paused before bursting with joy.

“Xilu!” (Then let’s set off now!)

Star excitedly lifted its hoof. Thinking of the combined tactics of Xu Ran’s Fated Star Pulling and Ziyun transforming into a sword, anticipation welled up in its heart.

“Charming!” (Together!)

Cancan nodded vigorously. At this moment, it thought of some potentially dangerous places it sensed during the afternoon exploration.

Maybe, they could explore all of them along the way!

With the addition of Ziyun and Xu Ran, it suddenly felt more confident.

“Don’t rush.” Seeing the three little ones eager to set off right away, Xu Ran shook his head helplessly, “Let’s talk about it tomorrow.”

“Today, we have something more important to do.” Xu Ran’s words paused briefly at the sight of three curious beasts.

“We haven’t signed up for the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes yet.”