Chapter 422: 261: Dispute Cases Within The Association_1

Chapter 422: Chapter 261: Dispute Cases within the Association_1

“Alright, here we are.”

Lightly patting Star’s back to signal it to stop, Xu Ran dismounted and looked up at the magnificent edifice not far ahead.

Monster Wooden City Beast Trainer Association.

This was Xu Ran’s second visit. The first time was when he just arrived at Monster Wooden City yesterday.

Sun Tianchao left them here, handed them over to the corresponding staff, arranged everything, and then left to handle his own affairs.

“Crunch Crunch~”

Behind Xu Ran, Cancan and Ziyun closely followed and descended from Star’s back. Ziyun landed gracefully, following Xu Ran leisurely. Its cloud-like elegant tail was raised high and swayed slightly.

Cancan, who was following Ziyun, occasionally reached into the small bag on his back and pulled out two or three Luminous Earth Stones and put them into his mouth.

Yes, those are what the Earth Raccoon used to pay for the washing and protection fee.

Such Transcendent Stage resources were merely a drop in the ocean for Cancan, who was at the General Stage, and could only be used as snacks.

But to tell the truth, they tasted quite good.

As soon as the trio and three pets entered the Beast Trainer Association, their prominent General Stage aura quickly attracted the attention of the staff.

“Welcome, sir, how may I help you?”

“I heard there’s a Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes in half a month.” Xu Ran looked at the staff member, “Could you tell me where I register for the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes?”

“Sir, your timing isn’t very good.” The staff member slightly regretfully spread his hands, “The registration for the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes just ended at midday today.”

“Huh?” Xu Ran’s face instantly darkened.

Really?

If he had known earlier, he would have come last night.

Ziyun, who was at his side, was even more like being struck by thunder, and its tail dropped down.

Damn it!

The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes was related to its evolution resources!

“Could you make an exception? I didn’t miss it by much, right?” Xu Ran asked in a negotiating tone, “Can you bend the rules a bit?”

The three little ones glanced at each other, then simultaneously squeezed out adorable expressions, looking at the staff member.

“Sir…” The staff member helplessly put his hand on his forehead, “It’s not that I don’t want to accommodate you, it’s just that I…”

“She doesn’t have the authority to make exceptions.”

A voice came from behind the staff member.

Sun Tianchao strode over, and when he saw Xu Ran, a smile appeared on his face, “Boss Xu has interest in the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes?”

“Hmm.” Seeing Sun Tianchao, Xu Ran’s eyes brightened and he quickly nodded.

Monster Wooden City and Xieyun City, although both are Second Level Towns, they are not the same.

In Monster Wooden City, there were only two Overlord Level Beast Masters, and there was not even a single Emperor Level Beast Master.

So although Sun Tianchao’s strength was only at the King Level Beast Master, his status in the Monster Wooden City Beast Trainer Association was not low.

The staff member was right. As an ordinary member of the association, she indeed couldn’t decide such things.

But, Sun Tianchao could!

“Senior Sun, can you put in a good word for me and add me to the registration list?” Xu Ran asked sincerely.

“I could, but we have a condition.” Sun Tianchao smiled teasingly, “You can’t participate with the name ‘Starfire Foster Care Shop’.”

Having stayed in Xieyun City for a few days, he certainly wasn’t completely unaware of Xu Ran.

Xu Ran: “…”

Damn it! He saw it coming!

Luckily, he had a second advertising plan.

So, after only a moment’s thought, Xu Ran firmly nodded, “No problem!”@@novelbin@@

“Then follow me.” Sun Tianchao nodded and turned to the staff member at the side, “Xiao Qi, go busy yourself.”

“Okay, Vice-President Sun!” The staff member nodded and turned to leave.

Xu Ran and the three little ones quickly followed behind Sun Tianchao, proceeding in a certain direction.

“You came just at the right time, I’m in charge of submitting the registration materials to the Beast Emperor.” Sun Tianchao pointed to the file bag under his arm, “Any later, I would have set off, and there really would be no way to register again.”

“That was a close call.” Xu Ran breathed a sigh of relief and showed a grateful look, “Thank you, Senior Sun.”

“It’s nothing.” Sun Tianchao nonchalantly waved his hand.

While talking, the two of them entered an office.

“Xiao Zhou, add one more registration.”

“Okay!” The staff member was momentarily startled, then showed a sudden understanding after seeing Xu Ran follow in behind Sun Tianchao, “Hello, please give me your Beast Master Badge.”

“Here.” Xu Ran handed over the badge he had prepared earlier.

“Alright.” A moment later, the staff member returned the badge, along with a small booklet, “This is a general introduction to the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes, you can take a look.”

“Thank you.” Xu Ran had been worrying about not having access to detailed information on the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes. He accepted the booklet as if it was a precious treasure.

“Alright, I should be leaving.” Sun Tianchao put Xu Ran’s registration information into the same file bag, waved to Xu Ran, “Boss Xu, good luck with the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes! I’m counting on you!”

“Absolutely!” Watching Sun Tianchao’s retreating figure, Xu Ran smiled, thanked the staff member again, and turned to leave the registration office.

Just as he stepped out of the office, Xu Ran couldn’t wait to open the booklet in his hand. Ziyun quickly hopped up, landing on Xu Ran’s shoulder, and its head drooped down, next to Xu Ran’s cheek.

Star lowered its lofty head, reaching Xu Ran’s other side.

Seeing the twosome swiftly occupying prime positions, Cancan’s face showed a bit of helplessness. It quickly stretched its originally meter-long petite figure to three meters, and its head hung over Xu Ran’s head.