Chapter 438: 266: Make A Big Score!_4

Chapter 438: Chapter 266: Make a Big Score!_4

As for the other one…

Looking at the friendly, somewhat naive smile on the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s face, Xu Ran felt he had already guessed the origin of this group of Earthy Rats.

“Loo~”

Good morning!

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader greeted Xu Ran enthusiastically.

“Ahahaha… Good morning,” Xu Ran responded with a wry smile after guessing the meaning behind the other’s gesture and expression, and he greeted back in kind.

It seemed that the words he had said at breakfast had come true.

Customers who had experienced the service at Starfire Foster Care Shop were now recommending it to other customers around them.

Only… these customers were not humans.

Looking at the number of Earth Rock Rats, which was even greater than the Ground Raccoon Group, Xu Ran sighed silently.

Although Earth Rock Rats are small Transcendent Beings and the Washing and Protection time would be shorter,

so many would still keep him busy for the entire day.

“Come on, come on!” Xu Ran gestured for the Earth Rock Rats to follow in resignation, “Line up and come in for Washing and Protection!”

“Squeak~” (I’ll go first!)

The Earthy Rat Clan Leader who came with the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader glanced at the other eager clan members with a threatening look, then followed excitedly behind Xu Ran, grinning foolishly as he entered the Washing and Protection room.

Bath time, bath time!

Little Rat me, I’m gonna enjoy a good wash today!

“Lie down here.”

In the Washing and Protection room, Xu Ran looked at the expectant face of the Earthy Rat Clan Leader and couldn’t help but chuckle to himself.

This guy was a complete opposite to the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader.

Even the system’s evaluation said as much.

[Race name: Earth Rock Rat

Attribute: Earth attribute

Growth stage: Leadership Stage

Body type: Small size

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★★★★

Evaluation: An individual with no wariness towards humans and an extreme desire for Washing and Protection. It’s already feeling pleasure even before the Washing and Protection has started, offering no challenge whatsoever, which is rather dull, to be honest~]

“Wait for me a moment, I need to make some preparations.” After assessing the situation of the Earthy Rat Clan Leader, Xu Ran turned around to get things ready at the workbench.

“Squeak~”

The Earthy Rat Clan Leader nodded obediently, lying still on the Washing and Protection table, with a somewhat dopey smile on its face.

As the system had evaluated, it seemed to already feel pleasure even before the Washing and Protection had begun.

Xu Ran, who had swiftly finished all the preparations for Washing and Protection, soon held a toolkit in his hands.

He took out a sharp iron spike with a flat rear end and a lightweight hammer, walked over to the Earthy Rat Clan Leader, positioned the sharp end of the spike in the cracks of its Stone Scales, and lightly tapped the flat end with the hammer.

“Dut~”

With a dull yet somewhat crisp sound emanating from within the Washing and Protection room, the grime wedged between the Stone Scale cracks that couldn’t be dissolved by Earth attribute Power shattered at the impact, sending shards scattering to either side.@@novelbin@@

The body of the Earthy Rat Clan Leader also trembled at the same moment.

In their original body structure, there shouldn’t have been any gaps between the Stone Scales where dirt could accumulate.

It was the incessant buildup of this indissoluble grime that had forced the scales apart, allowing more filth to accumulate and ultimately leading to a vicious cycle that left the sensitive flesh beneath the Earth Rock Rat’s scales exposed.

Every time they burrowed into the soil became an uncomfortable experience for the Earth Rock Rat.

Now, with the gentle taps from Xu Ran’s hammer, the striking sound echoing as if it were resonating inside the skull, the Earthy Rat Clan Leader suddenly felt an indescribable sensation of tingling all over its body.

The sensation of electricity coursing through one side, coming swiftly from the location of the iron tag, quivered through the hard Stone Scales and sensitive body, reaching the deepest part.

The Earthy Rat Clan Leader’s gaze became more erratic, involuntarily lifting its head slightly, dazzled by the light overhead, the surrounding scenery seemed to blur into obscurity.

It felt its body becoming lighter under the gentle hammering, a tingling sense of comfort accumulating within, eventually turning into an unbearable itch.

“Thump~”

The last strike from Xu Ran fell at that moment.

All the dirt hidden in the crevices of the Stone Scales was shattered as the scales snugly fitted together at that instant.

The unbearable itch also vanished at the same time, replaced by a refreshing feeling and a slight sense of emptiness that enveloped the Stone Scales around its body, surging deep within the Earthy Rat Clan Leader’s heart.

Its gaze grew even more dazed.

A strange and slightly twisted tone squeezed out from its tightly clenched mouth with difficulty, echoing long within the washing and protection area.

“Squeak~~~”

—————–

“Welcome back anytime~”

At the entrance of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, Xu Ran waved goodbye to the satisfied Earthy Rat Clan, a hint of undeniable exhaustion in his eyes.

Spending the whole day washing and grooming the same race was not just physically taxing, but also a test of his mental fortitude and patience.

Fortunately, these Earth Rock Rats, which hadn’t received washing and protection for a long time, provided him with ample pleasure feedback.

Although the Pleasure value wasn’t adding up in the account, their reactions during washing and protection were also a great motivation for Xu Ran.

It’s just…

“At this rate, who knows how long it will take to achieve the Fame target…” Xu Ran couldn’t help but shake his head and sigh, casually opening the system tasks.

[Main task 4: Branching Out

Task description: Please have the Host successfully set up branch stores in four different Second Level Towns. A branch store is considered successfully set up when its Fame exceeds 50%. This is a phased task, and rewards are dispensed in stages.

Task reward: System Skill Upgrade Command x1, System Upgrade Experience +600]

[Current Phase Task: Successfully set up branch stores in two different Second Level Towns.

Task Progress: 1/2

Xieyun City (Completed)

Monster Wooden City (2.3/50)

Phase Task Reward: System Clerk x3]

Hm?

Reading line after line of text, Xu Ran’s expression suddenly stiffened.

After entering Monster Wooden City and opening the second foster shop in a Second Level Town, the Fame progress could actually be displayed normally again?

He hadn’t checked the task interface for several days, only seeing it now.

But after taking a closer look at the progress, Xu Ran’s expression became one of bewilderment.

It had…

passed two percent?!

Xu Ran was clear about the simplicity of increasing Fame in Xieyun City.

In the beginning, the growth of Fame could be described as glacial, and it stayed below 1% for several days in a row.

After all, Fame corresponded with the vast population base of Xieyun City.

As a Second Level Town, though Monster Wooden City may not be as strong as Xieyun City, its population base is by no means inferior, and due to the peaceful environment, it was even slightly larger than that of Xieyun City.

Under such circumstances, Fame had imperceptibly broken through two percent.

A contemplative look crossed Xu Ran’s face.

He was reflecting on the past few days.