Chapter 435 - 266: Make A Big Score!

Chapter 435: Chapter 266: Make a Big Score!

Soon, the leader of the Ground Raccoon Tribe appeared in front of the most powerful of those Earth Rock Rats.

Being of the same Leadership Stage in strength, this Earth Rock Rat was no stranger to the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader. It was the most powerful member under the Earthy Rat Clan Leader and held a high status within the Earthy Rat Clan.

“Lulu~”

What are you chatting about?@@novelbin@@

His eyes filled with kindness, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader knowingly asked.

The powerful Earth Rock Rat glanced at the surrounding Ground Raccoons and then at the equally refreshed Clan Leader. Finally, it couldn’t resist asking.

“Squeak~”

Did you get some new Mystical Wood Dew?

In its view, only the magical offering from the Xuanmu Beast Emperor — Mystical Wood Dew — could make these Ground Raccoons so collectively clean.

But, Mystical Wood Dew clearly had not been produced for several months, so where did the Ground Raccoon Tribe get so much of it?

Could it be… they were rewarded and gifted by the Xuanmu Beast Emperor for some reason?

The thought flashed through its mind, and a hint of envy appeared in the eyes of the Earth Rock Rat.

That was the Beast Emperor, far above them in countless aspects. Even a slight offering could give their low-rank species a chance to become a Beast King.

Guessing the other’s thoughts from the changing look in its eyes, a hint of a smile and a sigh of admiration flickered in the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s eyes.

Although they had received Washing and Protection at the Starfire Foster Care Shop, solving their tribe’s grooming issues, it still hoped the Xuanmu Beast Emperor would recover soon.

This was also the common wish of countless Transcendent Beings of the Monster Wooden Domain.

After all, they had all received the protection of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

Shaking its head to clear the muddle of thoughts, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader looked at his old friend before him with a smile.

“Lulu~”

It wasn’t Mystical Wood Dew, it was groomed by humans for us.

“Squeak?!”

Humans?!

Hearing the Clan Leader’s answer, the Earth Rock Rat’s eyes widened, a hint of surprise surfacing in its eyes.

This surprise was due to an unexpected answer, but even more so from seeing the change in the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader.

Unlike the Ground Raccoons, the Earthy Rat Clan was an indigenous race of Transcendent Beings from the Monster Wooden Domain. When the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood occupied the territory, they had already settled there.

Over the years, they had grown accustomed to the presence of humans and had a harmonious relationship with them, even occasionally entrusting their outstanding young ones to human Beast Masters for contract agreements.

Therefore, they found it puzzling every time they saw the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader and his tribe deliberately keeping a distance from humans.

And now, this old fellow who was always reluctant to interact with humans suddenly changed?

Reading this strange suspicion in the Earth Rock Rat’s eyes, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s face reddened, but luckily, its gray fur was enough to hide this abnormality, allowing it to appear calm as it changed the subject.

“Lulu~”

Want to know where that Foster Shop is?

“Squeak~”

Tell me!

The Earth Rock Rat nodded vigorously, its thoughts returning to another surprising aspect.

The Washing and Protection by humans in Monster Wooden City actually had such an effect?

In its opinion, the grooming effect on these Ground Raccoons was even better than using Mystical Wood Dew.

But in the past, humans in Monster Wooden City did not have this technique, as far as it remembered.

“Lulu~”

That place is located at…

With a series of gestures, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader quickly made the Earth Rock Rat, which frequented the city far more than itself, understand the exact location of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

“Squeak!”

“Squeak, squeak!”

The other nearby Earth Rock Rats from the same clan secretly noted this location, equally excited.

Unlike the Ground Raccoons, the Earthy Rat Clan, due to their frequent burrowing, easily accumulated dirt that even Earth attribute Power couldn’t clean, thus having a greater need for grooming.

Several months without grooming had already made some within the clan start to dislike burrowing.

But burrowing was also a part of their cultivation to hone themselves and grow stronger.

This negligence was not acceptable!

So, having a grooming service that could replace Mystical Wood Dew, they were eager to grow wings and fly there immediately!

Watching the eager Earth Rock Rats, a hint of amusement appeared in the eyes of the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader.

For the grooming Xu Ran offered to his tribe, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader always felt a sense of gratitude.

By doing this, he hoped he could repay Xu Ran, right?

Aside from the pleasant shock, the highest-ranking Earth Rock Rat among them suddenly calmed down.

It thought of a concern.

Mystical Wood Dew was a resource produced by the Beast Emperor. Even though it was abundant and thus not considered precious enough to be freely gifted to all creatures of the Monster Wooden Domain, it was still power from the Beast Emperor level.

Mystical Wood Dew was granted freely as a blessing from the Beast Emperor, but humans within Monster Wooden City were very good at doing business.

Washing and Protection that could compare to Mystical Wood Dew… must be expensive, right?

With this in mind, the Earth Rock Rat couldn’t help but take a glance at the Ground Raccoon Tribe, feeling a bit more at ease.

Their Earthy Rat Clan’s wealth may not compare to that of the Ground Raccoons, capable of wielding Burrow Soil, but it wasn’t far off. If the Ground Raccoons could afford grooming for the entire tribe, then the price must be within their means as well.

Still, it had to ask.

“Squeak?”

How much money does that human’s Washing and Protection cost?

“Lulu!”

Only three Luminous Soil Stones!

Before the Clan Leader could speak, a Ground Raccoon rushed forward excitedly, twirling its fluffy tail like a duster, and interjected.