Chapter 430: 264 Fulfilling The Bet! (Two In One)_4

Chapter 430: Chapter 264 Fulfilling the Bet! (Two in One)_4

He couldn’t help but grin already, only to hear Xu Ran speak calmly.

“Don’t rush.” Xu Ran gave a little wave of the scissors in his hand. “Even if we’re all trimming, the results can be vastly different, just like how I can still clean a pet beast even after others have attempted to do so.”

The smirk on Liu Yu’s face vanished instantly.

At that moment, he felt as if he had been trampled on.

After the initial excitement, Zhou Hong’s emotions had cooled slightly.

He had to admit, the moment he saw Xu Ran take out scissors to trim the Lion Dragon Beast’s fur, he instantly had a gut feeling that Xu Ran might ruin the beast too.

But as Xu Ran said, there can be a difference even in trimming and grooming.

Xu Ran’s previous grooming work had bolstered his confidence somewhat, combined with the fact that the wager between Xu Ran and Liu Yu was substantial, meant he was willing to bet on Xu Ran once more.

However, as Zhou Hong slowly retook his seat, he couldn’t help but remind him, “Be gentle, Boss Xu.”

“Don’t worry, my hands are very steady.” Xu Ran smiled faintly, then reached out to soothe the Lion Dragon Beast’s emotions.

Once more subjected to the trimming of its fur, the creature seemed visibly more nervous.

The small episode in the grooming room passed, Xu Ran’s trimming continued.

Locks of hair fell to the floor under his scissors, accumulating into a small mountain of dark fur standing stark against the clean white marble tiles.

Seeing the pile of fur, Zhou Hong couldn’t help but twitch a smile despite telling himself to have faith in Boss Xu.

At this moment, he desperately wanted to know what Boss Xu actually planned to do.

But looking at Xu Ran’s focused expression and nearly phantasmagoric speed, Zhou Hong worried that any interference from him might bring about unpredictable consequences.

At one side, Liu Yu was watching the hair pile up at Xu Ran’s feet, a satisfied smirk playing on his face.

The amount of fur that Xu Ran had cut was nearly two or three times the amount that he had trimmed the day before.

Based on Xu Ran’s rate of trimming, wouldn’t this Lion Dragon Beast end up completely bald?@@novelbin@@

No matter what the other party does, it would be him who won this bet!

“Snip…”

Having delicately trimmed the last strand of fur, Xu Ran gently wiped the beads of sweat on his forehead, inspected each area of fur thoroughly, then heaved a sigh of relief and put down the scissors on the toolkit.

Next, he picked up a comb and gently started combing the Lion Dragon Beast’s fur.

While removing the broken hair hidden in the fur, the originally messy fur of the Lion Dragon Beast due to trimming gradually began showing its true style.

The dark, thin hair clung tightly to the skin, short but remarkably soft, perfectly highlighting the Lion Dragon Beast’s strong physique.

Although it was totally different from the Lion Dragon Beast’s previous image, this fresh look was not inferior, but rather brought a sense of novelty as if it had undergone a skin change.

Zhou Hong’s clenched hand slowly relaxed.

Although the grooming process for the Lion Dragon Beast was not completely over yet, seeing it now, he knew that he could accept this grooming result.

The term ‘able to accept’ even felt a bit too harsh.

It would be more accurate to say that he was extremely satisfied with this outcome based on the original state!

Finally, after Xu Ran finished the drying and shaping, the grooming of the Lion Dragon Beast was complete.

After being dried, the Lion Dragon Beast’s fur became even softer, reflecting a glossy radiance like silk under the light, perfectly displaying the contours of the beast’s muscles.

“Roar~~~”

Upon seeing its own brand new appearance in the mirror, the Lion Dragon Beast first showed a stunned expression; even the previously remaining confusion in its eyes seemed to have cleared up quite a bit.

Upon realizing that the completely new image in the mirror was actually itself, the beast’s mood clearly became much more invigorated.

Clearly, it too quite liked its new shape.

“The grooming is finished.” Xu Ran wiped his hands and walked up to Zhou Hong, giving a small smile. “I hope you are satisfied.”

“I’m very satisfied!” Zhou Hong nodded emphatically without hesitation.

Liu Yu’s face, on the other hand, was pitch black.

If both the Beast Master and the Pet Beast are satisfied, it’s the best confirmation of the grooming effect.

Obviously, he lost this gamble.

As the three of them, along with the Lion Dragon Beast, emerged from the grooming room, the crowd that had waited outside for a long time couldn’t help but exclaim.

They still remembered how the Lion Dragon Beast had looked when it went in. And now looking at the one that walked out…

It was as if they had switched out the Pet Beast!

For a moment, those Beast Masters whose pets also had grooming needs were swayed.

With this case before them, if even a Lion Dragon Beast which had been shorn bald could get a new lease on life in this shop, what would their own pets look like after grooming here?

Thinking of this, they could no longer hold back, quickly moving forward to surround Xu Ran.

“Boss Xu, how long is your store open every day?”

“Boss Xu, do you have a membership card here? I’ll get one!”

“Boss Xu, you…”

“Everyone, don’t rush!” Seeing the crowd coming forward, Xu Ran couldn’t help but wave his hands, laughing, “Our shop’s opening hours are posted on the outside door, and we don’t have any membership cards or other recharge services. The price menu is right on the wall, transparent prices.”

“If anyone has any other questions, please ask one at a time.”

“Then Boss Xu, can my pet come for grooming now?” An impatient Beast Master promptly asked. The other Beast Masters also nodded in agreement.

Obviously, as soon as Xu Ran said “yes”, they would call over their pets in the next moment.

“I suggest you all come back tomorrow.” Hearing this, Xu Ran shook his head, “I already have an appointment today.”

He had already caught sight of the Ground Raccoon Tribe waiting quietly outside, not yet entering.

Today, he still had grooming to be done for the members of the Ground Raccoon Tribe that didn’t receive it the day before. He didn’t have time to attend to so many guests.

When they heard Xu Ran say this, the crowd’s excited feelings calmed a bit.

The next moment, a voice was heard in the crowd.

“Boss Liu, where are you going?”

As those words fell, everyone turned their eyes towards the shop door.

Liu Yu was half-bent over, with one of his feet already stepping outside the door.

Obviously, he wanted to slip away.

Realizing he was found out, Liu Yu angrily glanced at the crowd, but couldn’t find who was the one that shouted.

He awkwardly retracted his foot, trying to cover his embarrassment with a soft cough, “I suddenly remembered some urgent matters in my shop. I have to leave first.”

“Don’t go!” Xu Ran quickly went forward, “Boss Liu, you haven’t forgotten about our bet, have you?”

This was the method, which he had found with such difficulty, to increase his fame. He couldn’t let this guy escape!

With Monster Wooden City’s top-three ranked Universe Foster Store drawing in customers, the fame of Starfire Foster Care Shop could at least increase by 5%!

“The wager… I…” Liu Yu’s expression subtly changed, finding it hard to respond.

“So many of us are watching, Boss Liu. A businessman should keep his word.” From within the crowd, Liu Fengyun, adjusting his glasses, suddenly spoke.

Liu Yu’s expression changed slightly, a fierce struggle showing in his eyes. Eventually, he gritted his teeth, “Fine! According to our previous bet, customers from the Universe Foster Store who have grooming needs will be directed to you!”

After saying so, Liu Yu, unable to maintain his composure, turned and left without hesitation.

Watching him leave, Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction.

Yes…that’s more like it!