Chapter 437 - 266: Make A Big Score!_3

Chapter 437: Chapter 266: Make a Big Score!_3

“Uh …,” Liu Fengyun’s face showed a hint of helplessness.

When he came to find Xu Ran, he had guessed that Xu Ran would probably agree to the suggestion.

But Xu Ran’s proactive and enthusiastic response still caught him off guard.

“Boss Xu, don’t rush, actually, this is just an idea I had today.” His face showed a bit of embarrassment, “You are the first one I came to for advice.”

“Since you don’t have a problem, Boss Xu, next I will take the lead in negotiating with other foster shops from out of town to see which stores will participate and then determine the exact time … What do you think?”

“Sure,” Xu Ran nodded and then suddenly thought of something, adding, “But it’s best to finish within half a month.”

“I’ve signed up for the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes and might be busy in half a month.”

“The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes?” Liu Fengyun’s face showed obvious surprise; he almost thought he had heard wrong.

Then, seeing the three small creatures behind Xu Ran, Liu Fengyun couldn’t help but chuckle, “It seems that, apart from being a skilled foster shop owner knowledgeable in Washing and Protection, Boss Xu is also a talented Beast Master.”

“I will be there to cheer for you then,” Liu Fengyun cracked a little joke before returning to the main topic, “Half a month’s time is definitely more than needed, Boss Xu can be at ease about that.”

“As for the exact time, I will strive to confirm it by this time tomorrow, and then I will come to notify you, Boss Xu.”

“Great, it’s much appreciated, Boss Liu,” Xu Ran nodded.

After seeing the other party off, Xu Ran then brought the three small ones back inside the store.

Close the door, enjoy dinner, and proceed with Meditation Training.

A night without words.

When Xu Ran slowly woke from his meditation the next morning and gradually opened his eyes, the early morning had arrived.

Seeing the morning light scattered on the bed and falling on the three little ones huddled together in sleep, casting a pale golden sheen on them, Xu Ran couldn’t resist taking out his phone to capture the moment.

Startled by the shutter sound, the three little ones groggily opened their eyes and, seeing Xu Ran getting up, gradually became more alert.

“Looks like you all had a good sleep,” Xu Ran said with a smile, and then changed clothes before heading to the bathroom, “Hurry up and wash up, it’s time for breakfast!”

With that, the three little creatures were completely awake.

Breakfast!

Let’s go!

Soon, one person with three pets were sitting around in the spacious second-floor Foster area.

Using the system’s ability to change the terrain, Xu Ran conjured up a dining table and leisurely ate the rice noodle rolls he made himself, with the three small ones also enjoying their meal on his two sides and across from him.

“The Foster area is still a bit too empty.” After another bite of rice noodle roll, Xu Ran looked around at the spacious terrain with a helpless shake of his head, “It’s been two days since arriving at Monster Wooden City, and it seems like all the customers are here for Washing and Protection.”

“I wonder when the first foster customer will arrive.”

“Meow~” (I think it should be soon.)

Ziyun lifted its head from the wide bowl, wiped its mouth with its paw, then leisurely licked its paw and calmly spoke.

“Xi Lu~” (With more people coming for Washing and Protection, foster customers should gradually increase too.)

Starfire expressed its opinion with a neigh.

“Char?” (But the creatures coming for Washing and Protection seem to be wild Transcendent Beings, they probably don’t have the need for fostering, right?)

Cancan “howled” as it finished the last of the food on its plate and then spoke up.

“You all make good points,” Xu Ran stroked his chin and said with a smile, “But the previous Washing and Protection were for Transcendent Beings, which was an unexpected situation.”

“Now that the Earth Raccoon Tribe is done with Washing and Protection, we should be getting some regular customers,” Xu Ran paused slightly, “After yesterday’s challenge, Beast Masters interested in the Starfire Foster Care Shop should come today.”

“As long as they experience the services of Starfire Foster, I believe there will be customers who will actively recommend our shop to the people around them, making our clientele grow,” as he spoke, Xu Ran quickly cleared the tableware and food bowls from the table, “Let’s go, down to the first floor.”

Quickly taking the lift down to the first floor, Xu Ran walked briskly to the front door of the shop and opened it with a smile of anticipation, “Wonder who today’s first customer will be?”

The next moment, upon seeing the situation outside the shop, Xu Ran’s smile slightly stiffened.

What’s this?

There were not the teeming crowds he had anticipated.

Instead, it was teeming with rats.

Looking at the Earth Rock Rats, all covered in gray Stone Scales, small in body type but not lacking in strength, Xu Ran’s expression slowly turned blank.

Could someone tell him what’s going on?!

“Squeak~”

“Squeak squeak~~”

Seeing Xu Ran open the door, the Earth Rock Rats seemed very happy, constantly calling out, hopping and gesturing something in front of him, looking quite honest and not at all like fierce Transcendent Beings.

But …

“I don’t understand…” Xu Ran massaged his brow, “Don’t all speak at once, one at a time!”

Understanding Xu Ran’s words, the Earthy Rat Clan quickly settled down, neatly splitting in half to create a path.

At the other end of the path, two figures quickly approached Xu Ran. @@novelbin@@

One of them was an Earth Rock Rat, larger than the others and also stronger than the rest of the Earth Rock Rats.