Chapter 431: 265: Cancan'S Social Death And Earth Raccoon'S Gratitude (Two In One)

Chapter 431: Chapter 265: Cancan’s Social Death and Earth Raccoon’s Gratitude (Two in One)

“`

As Liu Yu Ming clearly stated he would honor the bet then left with his pride hanging by a thread, the small-scale, attention-grabbing wager came to an end.

After confirming that Xu Ran couldn’t wash and groom their Pet Beasts today, the excited onlookers gradually dispersed, leaving only a handful of people.

“Boss Xu, I really can’t thank you enough for today,” Zhou Hong said excitedly as he scanned a code to pay, “I won’t say much else, but from now on, for washing and grooming, I’m sticking with your shop!”

“Our other services are also pretty good; you should try them sometime,” Xu Ran replied with a smile.

“Haha, I don’t need those at the moment, but definitely in the future!” Zhou Hong scratched his head and smiled sheepishly, “Alright, Lion Dragon Beast, let’s…”

He turned to look at the Lion Dragon Beast, only to find a man he recognized standing beside it.

That man was bespectacled, looking quite scholarly, and at the moment, he was leaning in close to the Lion Dragon Beast’s body, occasionally reaching out to stroke its smooth fur to better see the details.

The normally composed Lion Dragon Beast now looked helplessly at its Beast Master, signaling him to come and relieve it from its current predicament.

“Boss Liu, what are you…” Zhou Hong couldn’t help but ask out loud.

“Ah, sorry about that.” Liu Fengyun, who had been engrossed in examining the Lion Dragon Beast’s fur, suddenly snapped back to reality, realizing how inappropriate his actions had been, “Boss Xu’s grooming skills are indeed impressive, they had me mesmerized.”

“Who might this be?” Xu Ran asked curiously, looking at Zhou Hong upon hearing Liu Fengyun’s words.

“This is the owner of the Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop, Boss Liu.” Zhou Hong laughed, “I’ve visited their shop before, so we know each other.”@@novelbin@@

“Speaking of which, Boss Liu and Boss Xu, you both moved your foster shops here from other places.”

“Oh?” Xu Ran’s gaze sharpened, his eyes filled with more curiosity.

“Boss Xu, pleasure to meet you for the first time, I’m Liu Fengyun,” Liu Fengyun extended a hand to Xu Ran, “coming from Xuanxing City.”

“Pleased to meet you, Boss Liu,” Xu Ran extended his hand as well, shaking hands firmly, “It’s a pleasure.”

Xuanxing City, huh…

He had heard a few things about this Second Level Town.

It was said that every evening, the night sky there was filled with countless shimmering stars, extraordinarily beautiful, and that this starlight became invisible once you left the city.

“I can see you’ve been quite busy today, Boss Xu,” glancing at the Earth Raccoon Group outside the shop, Liu Fengyun gave a slight smile and released the handshake, “so I won’t disturb your business any longer.”

“When I have some spare time, I’ll come to bother and learn from you.”

“You’re welcome anytime.”

After sending Liu Fengyun and Zhou Hong off, Xu Ran quickly approached the Ground Raccoon Tribe that had been waiting outside the shop all along and looked at the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, “Have you been waiting long?”

“Lur~”

Not for very long.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader shook its head slightly, indicating it wasn’t a big deal.

Due to past experiences, even now, it still had some reservations about Humans. Seeing so many Humans in Xu Ran’s shop earlier, it had led the other members of the Ground Raccoon Tribe to wait outside the shop.

Although the rest of the Tribe didn’t understand its actions, it didn’t bother to explain.

“The Earth Raccoons needing washing and grooming can now come into the shop,” Xu Ran said with a smile and then casually grabbed an Earth Raccoon that had clearly been groomed just yesterday, “Those groomed yesterday can’t be groomed again!”

“Lur~”

The Earth Raccoon he’d caught stuck out its tongue cutely and then, under the deathly stare of the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, obediently stood outside the shop.

“Lur~”

Those that have been groomed wait outside!

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader said, then followed the others into the shop.

As the Clan Leader, it hadn’t been groomed yesterday.

In fact, even today, it planned to be the last one groomed.

Entering the Foster Shop, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader suddenly sniffed the air.

Instantly, it picked up on a very familiar scent, one that threatened it greatly.

And the source of that scent…

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader looked around and quickly fixed its gaze on a golden Dragon Turtle sneaking towards the stairs.

In a flash, this diminutive Dragon Turtle was associated with the terrifying creature of General Level they had encountered deep in the earth the day before.

“Lur?!”

Is that you?!

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader couldn’t help but cry out, a look of intense alertness in its eyes.

Though they had left yesterday, it distinctly felt that the creature had intended to continue the pursuit.

This led the Clan Leader, who eventually led the Tribe back to their community area, to feel lucky to have escaped a brush with death.

Never had it thought that it would come across the creature again here in the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Why would that dreadful creature also be in the Starfire Foster?

In that moment, countless thoughts flashed through the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s mind.

“What’s wrong?” Hearing the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s cry of alarm, Xu Ran looked puzzled and followed its gaze, quickly spotting Cancan, whose movements seemed a bit stiff, “Cancan?”

“Cha~” (No… nothing!)

Cancan shook its head vigorously, grinning awkwardly.

Having been there for the bet earlier, it hadn’t made it to the Training Area to train yet and had totally forgotten that the Ground Raccoon Tribe was due for grooming today.

“`