Chapter 439: 267 Xu Ran'S Suggestion

Chapter 439: Chapter 267 Xu Ran’s Suggestion

When discussing the fame of a storefront in a city, it is naturally assumed to mean the proportion of humans in that city who are aware of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

But at this moment, Xu Ran developed a whole new understanding of the term “fame”.

It may not be such a straightforward calculation.

For the Beast Masters of this world, Pet Beasts have always been considered contract partners and collaborators, with an equal relationship in terms of their contracts.

Therefore, it’s natural that the Pet Beasts’ awareness of the Starfire Foster Care Shop could also be a criterion for its fame.

Due to the enormous population of a city, the previous Xu Ran found it difficult to conduct precise investigations into fame and was unable to obtain a definitive answer.

But now, he seemed to see a clue.

Monster Wooden City is a city unlike any other human settlement.

A huge group of wild Transcendent Beings lives in the surrounding Monster Wooden Domain and maintains a friendly relationship with the people inside Monster Wooden City.

Even more, these Extraordinary Creatures can freely enter and exit Monster Wooden City.

In this case, it’s not unreasonable to say that they are also a part of Monster Wooden City.

When measuring the storefront’s fame in Monster Wooden City, the system seems to have considered this, including the wild Extraordinary Creatures in its calculations.

Therefore, Xu Ran, who had almost exclusively provided Washing and Protection Services to the Earth Raccoon and Earth Rock Rat from the Extraordinary Creature Group over the past two days, unexpectedly gained more than two percent fame.

Thinking of this, Xu Ran stroked his chin, a hint of interest appearing in his eyes.

Although he still couldn’t grasp the system’s method of measuring fame, the discovery at hand seemed to be an exploitable point.

If he continued to provide Washing and Protection Services to wild Transcendent Beings, might the speed of fame increase become even faster?

With this thought, Xu Ran felt a surge of anticipation.

He wondered whether the Earth Rock Rats and Earth Raccoons would introduce new species to him, allowing him to test this theory.

“Boss Xu!”

The voice from outside the store interrupted Xu Ran’s soaring thoughts.

The next moment, Liu Fengyun stood at the entrance of the Foster Care Shop and waved to Xu Ran.

“Boss Liu, you’ve arrived!” Xu Ran smiled and quickly approached him, “How did the discussion go?”

Yesterday, Liu Fengyun had come with a proposal to join all the Foster Shops that had come from outside the city in a big event, to hold a Public Wash and Care Exhibition to counter the local Foster Shops’ combined suppression.

Xu Ran had already agreed yesterday and now hoped the other party would bring good news from the other Foster Shops.

And judging from his expression, it was most likely the case.

“I visited all the Foster Shops that had relocated here today,” Liu Fengyun said with a smile on his refined face, “Including both of our shops, out of 17 Foster Shops from outside the area, 15 agreed to join in a Public Wash and Care Exhibition.”

“Oh? That many?” Xu Ran nodded with satisfaction.

Although not all of them, with each shop having different Washing and Protection rules, having fifteen shops willing to conduct a Washing and Protection demonstration in public was already beyond his expectations.

“Yes, I didn’t expect there to be so many,” Liu Fengyun nodded. “Given the circumstance that the Universe Foster Store took advantage of the situation to collude with other local Foster Shops against us, everyone has heard about it, perhaps that’s the reason.”

“Let’s not talk about that, I’ll go straight to discussing the next steps,” Liu Fengyun said with a smile as he pulled out several pages of printed papers from his chest, “This is the provisional event plan I’ve coordinated with the other thirteen Foster Shops, after confirming our respective needs.”

“Please take a look, Boss Xu.”

“Let me see!” Xu Ran’s eyes lit up, not expecting the other to be so well-prepared; he immediately took it and began to read.@@novelbin@@

Soon, Xu Ran’s voice contained a hint of surprise. “In two days? That soon?”

“Yes,” Liu Fengyun nodded. “First, the sooner this is done the better, as the combined action against us has already started, and any delay would affect all of us.”

“Also, the Public Wash and Care is expected to last one day. Participating in the public event will undoubtedly impact the day-to-day operations of the shops, even requiring a temporary one-day closure, and each Foster Shop has different schedules…”

Here, Liu Fengyun glanced at Xu Ran, “If it’s inconvenient for you in two days, I have an alternative date, which is in five days.”

“There’s nothing inconvenient on my end, so let’s do it in two days,” Xu Ran shook his head.

Liu Fengyun had a point; this event’s timing was better sooner rather than later.

At this moment, Xu Ran was managing Starfire Foster Care Shop in Monster Wooden City with just three little ones to look after, so it was very convenient to close anytime.

“Then we’ll set the date for two days from now.” Liu Fengyun nodded slightly, took out another provisional plan, and a pen, and quickly started annotating the event date.

And Xu Ran continued to read.

It had to be said, not only was Boss Liu very proactive, but his work was also very meticulous. This provisional plan had detailed arrangements for every aspect.

According to his plan, the Public Wash and Care Exhibition would be open to all Beast Masters in Monster Wooden City. The fifteen Foster Shops would take turns occupying the temporarily constructed Public Washing and Protection area, providing free Washing and Protection Services for any interested clients’ Pet Beasts.

And within this segment, there was an interesting, mildly competitive rule.