Chapter 433: 265: Cancan'S Social Death And Earth Raccoon'S Gratitude (Two-In-One)_3

Chapter 433: Chapter 265: Cancan’s Social Death and Earth Raccoon’s Gratitude (Two-in-One)_3

“The content of the notice is a list of foster shops in Monster Wooden City introducing Washing and Protection Services, telling our customers that our shop does not intend to launch Washing and Protection Service. If customers have Washing and Protection requirements, they can go to these shops for the service.”

At this point, Liu Yu snorted softly, with a hint of mockery flashing in his eyes, “The bet was that our Universe Foster Store should recommend customers to Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

“But it never said that we could only recommend customers to Starfire Foster Care Shop.”

“My approach does not violate the terms of the bet.”

“Yes!” Zhang Tianhe nodded vigorously, admiration rising in his eyes.

Indeed, Mr. Liu!

Although the bet was somewhat impulsive, he still showed such clever planning amid the crisis of the shop’s operation.

If they only recommended customers to Starfire Foster Care Shop, it would direct all customer traffic to the competition, giving them tremendous benefits, and more and more people would learn about the bet.

“Why do you only recommend Starfire Foster Care Shop?”

“Because we lost the bet.”

“What was the bet about?”

“…”

However, recommending all the shops would not lead to such a problem.

After all, it made sense for Universe Foster Store to address customers’ concerns by listing all shops that offer Washing and Protection Services—without showing any preference—since they themselves no longer offered such services.

“Right.” A sharp glint flashed in Liu Yu’s eyes, “Call those local shops that have introduced Washing and Protection Services and see if we can get them to offer a discount, to make concessions, and to team up against foster shops from other areas.”

“By doing this, we can say that we obtained Washing and Protection discounts for our customers, which can also play a role in salvaging our reputation.”

“Also, put Starfire Foster Care Shop at the very end of the recommendation list…” Liu Yu’s words paused for a moment, then he quickly corrected himself, “No, that would seem too deliberate, and rather unsightly; put it third from last.”

“Yes!” Zhang Tianhe nodded vigorously, his admiration deepening.

What a masterstroke.

Soon, the inside of the Universe Foster Store was filled with bustling noises.

The newly constructed Washing and Protection Room was swiftly cleared of all traces of Washing and Protection in a very short time and transformed into a small Training Room.

Anything related to Washing and Protection also vanished from the store.

Reopening for business, the outside of Universe Foster Store featured a rather conspicuous notice.

[Dear Esteemed Customers]

[Due to the recent shortage of Mystical Wood Dew, there has been a huge increase in Pet Beast Cleaning and Caring needs. Many customers have inquired whether our shop offers such services; we are now providing a unified response.

In order to focus on Pet Beast foster care and Accompanying Training Service, to provide better service quality for our customers, our shop has no plans to launch Washing and Protection Services. We hope our customers will understand.

As compensation, we have compiled a list of foster shops within Monster Wooden City that offer Washing and Protection Services, and we have reached collaboration with some of them, where our shop members can enjoy a discount for Washing and Protection at these shops.

The following is the list of corresponding foster shops:@@novelbin@@

…]

…

Standing in front of his own posted notice, Liu Yu carefully read over every word, then nodded with satisfaction. He then gazed in the direction of Starfire Foster Care Shop with a cold laugh.

Thinking of using our Universe Foster Store as a stepping stone?

You’re still too naive!

—————–

*Sigh*

Stretching lazily, Xu Ran looked at the Earth Raccoons that had been groomed to a significantly improved appearance within the shop, nodding in satisfaction, and then his eyes turned to the last member of the Earth Raccoon Group yet to be groomed.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader.

“Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, it’s your turn.”

“Luru~”

Alright.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader nodded slightly, a tinge of nervousness flashing deep in its eyes.

It had never been so close to Humans before, much less allowed one to perform Washing and Protection on it.

After all, before joining the tribe’s migration to the Monster Wooden Domain, Humans had killed many members of its tribe, and its tribe had also killed many Humans; they were sworn enemies.

Thinking of this, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader hesitated slightly.

The System Identification that appeared before Xu Ran also sprang up with new text content.

[Race Name: Earth Raccoon

Attribute: Earth

Growth Stage: Leadership Stage

Body Type: Medium

Washing and Protection Requirement: ★★★★☆

Evaluation: The memories of mutual enmity are an inescapable shackle in its heart. Please let Washing and Protection be the key that unlocks these shackles, and use your hands to bring it pleasure!]

Hmm?

Looking at the system’s evaluation of the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, Xu Ran was slightly stunned.

He had used System Identification to check each Earth Raccoon, and compared to the other carefree members of the Ground Raccoon Tribe, this Clan Leader seemed a bit different…

He couldn’t help but take another look at the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, and then spoke softly, “Please follow me.”

No matter what, grooming was the right move!

With that thought, Xu Ran turned and entered the Washing and Protection Room again.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader watched Xu Ran’s back in silence.

It wasn’t until Xu Ran was about to enter the Washing and Protection Room that it shook its head vigorously and quickly followed.

The door to the Washing and Protection Room closed quietly.

Inside the Washing and Protection Room, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader grew even more nervous.

“Don’t worry, the Washing and Protection process is very relaxing,” said Xu Ran in as gentle a voice as possible. “You heard the voices of your tribe members earlier, right?”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader nodded.

Every Earth Raccoon that had entered the Washing and Protection Room experienced a relaxing grooming. Although the sounds they made were somewhat peculiar, this peculiarity was due to the utmost comfort they felt.