Chapter 434 - 265: Cancan'S Social Death And Earth Raccoon'S Gratitude (Two-In-One)_4

Chapter 434: Chapter 265: Cancan’s Social Death and Earth Raccoon’s Gratitude (Two-in-One)_4

“`

Washing and Protection should not be too terrifying of an affair.

With this thought in mind, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s tense nerves slightly relaxed.

“Come on, lie down here.” XU Ran, who was always attentive to the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, keenly sensed the subtle change in the other’s mood and pointed to the Washing and Protection table beside him.

After adjusting the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s position, he began to methodically carry out the preparatory work for the washing and protection.

Soon, the specially formulated bath solution flowed through the showerhead, gently rinsing over the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s slightly aged but still robust body with just the right temperature of water.

The warm water thoroughly moistened every coarse and long hair on its body, then seeped into the roots and hair follicles through the gaps in the hair, bringing deep nourishment, and providing the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader with a warm and soothing sensation for its tense and weary body.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s expression, wrinkled from nervousness, gradually eased at this moment, and it experienced a level of comfort far more thorough than washing itself in the streams of the wild.

Perhaps only the Mystical Wood Dew could compare with this feeling?

At this thought, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader gained more understanding of the strange noises made by fellow clan members.

However, it was obviously a little early for it to understand.

Because after a thorough rinsing, Xu Ran gently placed a hand on the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader.

Being touched by a human made the Earth Raccoon instinctively go on the defensive, its body tensing uncontrollably, and the fierce aura of the Leadership Stage Transcendent Being involuntarily leaked out a bit.

But moments later, realizing that the human in front of it was about to wash and protect it, the Earth Raccoon quickly reined in its power and tried its best to relax its tense body.

It appeared that the system’s evaluation was indeed correct, but it was unclear why the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader reacted this way.

Noticing this scene, Xu Ran muttered to himself and patiently waited until the other relaxed again, before the hand that was on the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader began to move.

Following the application of the shampoo along the spine, from the back of the head to the direction of the tailbone, Xu Ran’s hands began to knead continuously, separating each inch of hair that clung together, allowing the shampoo to penetrate better through the gaps in the hair.

Next, his hands changed motions, starting to apply different techniques.

Accompanying the gentle and at times forceful kneading of different parts by Xu Ran, the flow of energy through the hair and epidermis was encouraged, enabling the nutritional components of the bath solution and shampoo to be more fully absorbed, and Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s eyes gradually widened.

It experienced a strange sensation it had never felt before, as if every hair follicle was being kneaded, creating a tiny tingling sensation like being passed through by a fine current of electricity, the odd refreshing feeling making its body tremble uncontrollably with the rhythm of Xu Ran’s kneading.

In the eyes of the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, there was a hint of daze.

It felt as if its body, which should have been heavy and stable like that of an Earth attribute Pet Beast, had become ethereal and light, as if it was about to soar into the sky.

At this moment, it forgot the shadow of the hatred between humans and wild Transcendent Beings, forgot all the past and concerns, and was filled only with immense pleasure.

A strange sound, difficult to suppress, squeezed out from its throat.

“Purr~~~”

At this moment, it was lost.

—————–

“Welcome to come again next time!”

In front of the shop, Xu Ran waved to the group of Ground Raccoons gathering to leave, a smile on his face.

Although there was no Pleasure value credited, he could feel the deep-seated pleasure from these wild Transcendent Beings while washing and protecting them, which in turn made him feel pleased and happy.

“Purr~”

We will definitely come again!

Standing at the forefront of the Ground Raccoons, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader nodded vigorously.

After this Washing and Protection session, it became completely enamored with that sense of pleasure and the wariness and guard it held towards humans in its heart were cracked open by Xu Ran.

At least, it would no longer avoid contact with humans whenever possible as it did in the past.

Waving back at Xu Ran, the Ground Raccoons reluctantly turned and left, soon disappearing from view.

Lowering his waving hand, Xu Ran turned to look at the three little ones behind him, “Okay, the business is over, we should…”

“`

“Boss Xu, pardon the interruption.”

From not far away came a somewhat familiar voice.

Xu Ran looked in the direction of the voice and soon saw a refined man with glasses.

He remembered him; the man owned a foster care shop called Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop.

“Boss Liu, what brings you here?” Xu Ran greeted with a smile and walked over, but as he got closer, he noticed that the other man’s expression didn’t seem very cheerful.

“The Universe Foster Store has posted a notice at the entrance of their shop,” Liu Fengyun slowly said.

“Oh? The bet’s been settled already?” Xu Ran’s eyes lit up, his face showing more joy, “I didn’t expect them to act so quickly.”

Having the Universe Foster Store to drive traffic would certainly boost Starfire Foster Care Shop’s fame a great deal!

“No, things might be a bit different from what you’re imagining, Boss Xu.” Seeing the joy on Xu Ran’s face, Liu Fengyun shook his head slightly before taking out a photo and handing it to Xu Ran, “Take a look for yourself, Boss Xu.”

“Hmm?” Xu Ran’s face displayed a touch of suspicion as he took the photo and looked at it.

In the photo was a store with quite impressive decoration, and the words “Universe Foster Store” were prominently written.

Clearly, this was the entrance of the Universe Foster Store.

Soon, Xu Ran’s gaze fell on the conspicuous notice in the photo.

The text on the notice emerged, causing the smile on his face to gradually disappear.

The other party had fulfilled the entire bet, but it was completely different from what he had anticipated.

As a result, the benefits that Starfire Foster Care Shop would receive were minimal, and the significant increase in fame he had anticipated was unlikely to be realized.@@novelbin@@

“This Mr. Liu…” Xu Ran opened his mouth, eventually showing a touch of helplessness on his face, “is truly cunning.”

“Indeed,” Liu Fengyun’s face also held a bit of lament, “Moreover, this guy took the opportunity to team up with the local foster shops to suppress us outsiders.”

“Even though we outsiders came here at the invitation of the Association, the Association can’t back us up in such commercial competition.”

“Or to put it another way, if we can’t even withstand this kind of commercial competition, then we don’t have the value to be supported by the Association.”

“So Boss Xu…” Liu Fengyun turned his head to look at Xu Ran, “I can see that you have real skills.”

“In fact, most of the foster shops invited to Monster Wooden City have good expertise.”

“So, how about we join forces and pull off something big?”

—————–

“Lululu~”

“Lulu~”

Within the gathering area of the Ground Raccoon Tribe, ground raccoons were cheerfully dancing and playing with each other.

In their tribe, this was a method of celebration.

And today, what called for celebration was that all members of the species had undergone washing and protection, leaving them completely rejuvenated.

However, amidst the jubilation of the ground raccoons, there were also a few other figures mingling.

They were several rodent type pet beasts covered in sturdy stone scales.

Earth attribute leader species, Earth Rock Rats.

They had a very good relationship with the Ground Raccoon Tribe, and just so happened to pass by and got invited to join.

Seeing the ground raccoons looking as if they were reborn, the Earth Rock Rats whispered to each other, emitting “squeak squeak” sounds, their eyes filled with intense curiosity.

Seeing this scene, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, sitting on a large rock, had a flash in his eyes, hopped down from the rock, and walked step by step towards them.