Chapter 440: 267 Xu Ran'S Suggestion_2

Chapter 440: Chapter 267 Xu Ran’s Suggestion_2

Although the washing and protection services were free, guests could reward the foster shop according to their satisfaction with the results of the services.

The different foster shops occupied the washing and protection spaces for different periods, with time slots fairly distributed based on the flow of people. Less popular time slots were longer, while more popular slots were shorter, to ensure a comparable flow of visitors.

By the end of the day’s public washing and protection exhibition, the most popular shop would be determined based on the total amount of rewards received.

Seeing this, Xu Ran’s eyes flashed, and he nodded incessantly.

He had joined the event precisely to enhance the fame of his shop.

Undoubtedly, if his shop could be rated as the most popular, the increase in fame would be significantly larger.

And Xu Ran was very confident about obtaining this honor.

“I’m very satisfied with this plan,” Xu Ran nodded quickly, “How will the time slots be distributed at that time?”

“The fifteen shop owners will draw lots on the spot,” Liu Fengyun smiled, “Only in this way can it be the fairest.”

“That makes sense.” Xu Ran nodded in agreement, then continued to read on.

Soon after reviewing the plan, Xu Ran looked up at Liu Fengyun, “Boss Liu, has the location of the event not been decided yet?”

“That’s right,” Liu Fengyun nodded slightly, “The initial plan was to hold the event in the large square in front of the Beast Master Association, where there’s a large number of Beast Masters coming and going every day and the crowd is bigger, but…”

Liu Fengyun’s voice paused slightly before he continued, “To use that space, we need to negotiate with the Beast Master Association in advance. I plan to confirm this tomorrow, and only then can the location be set.”

“In that case…” A hint of a smile appeared in Xu Ran’s eyes.

He suddenly remembered his earlier speculation about the system’s method of determining fame.

If wild Transcendent Beings could also be included in the system’s scope for fame assessment, then why not include them in this event as well?

“Boss Liu, I have a suggestion.”

“Good, Boss Xu, please speak,” Liu Fengyun’s expression became a bit more serious.

Having witnessed the young man’s washing and protection skills, he now regarded this younger boss as an equal.

Without a doubt, Xu Ran would be a formidable contender for the most popular foster shop, so his opinion was particularly important.

“Boss Liu, the rules you designed are all very good, and I agree with them, but…” Xu Ran’s voice trailed off slightly.

Hearing the word “but,” Liu Fengyun knew that Xu Ran was about to come to the point.

His expression grew even more serious as he prepared to listen intently.

“I feel that, Boss Liu, you might have overlooked the differences between cities.”

“Hmm?” Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, Liu Fengyun’s face showed a touch of surprise.

The differences between cities?

What did he mean by that?

“Boss Xu, please be more specific.”

“Alright,” Xu Ran nodded, took a moment to choose his words, then said, “Boss Liu, you must be aware that Monster Wooden City is not quite like other Second Level Towns.”

“This city is protected by the Beast Emperor Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.”

“Of course, I’m aware,” Liu Fengyun nodded slightly, “To be honest, when I first came here and saw a city protected by the Beast Emperor, I was very surprised.”

“That’s not all,” Xu Ran smiled, “Outside Monster Wooden City, in the Monster Wooden Domain, countless wild Transcendent Beings maintain a good relationship with the Demon Wood Domain.”

“The Monster Wooden Marketplace serves as the bridge for communication and interaction between the two.”

“Numerous wild Transcendent Beings in the Monster Wooden Marketplace exchange the resources produced by their species for what they need through friendly trade with humans.”

“I’ve never seen such a harmonious atmosphere outside of the Monster Wooden Domain.”

“I feel the same way.” Hearing Xu Ran mention the Monster Wooden Marketplace, Liu Fengyun’s face also showed a hint of wistfulness, “Our Xuanxing City, which is not far from the territory of another Beast Emperor, is much more dangerous compared to here.”

Hearing Xu Ran mention the Monster Wooden Marketplace, Liu Fengyun seemed to guess something. He glanced at Xu Ran and then said, “So, Boss Xu, are you planning to hold the event at the Monster Wooden Marketplace?”

“That is indeed what I’m thinking.” Xu Ran nodded earnestly, “The liveliest place within Monster Wooden City, without a doubt, is the Monster Wooden Marketplace.”

“Holding a public Washing and Protection exhibition there would yield better results for us.”

“This…” Liu Fengyun’s face showed a hint of contemplation, “Boss Xu, I don’t deny the prosperity of the Monster Wooden Marketplace, but compared to Beast Masters, there are more wild Transcendent Beings from the Monster Wooden Domain.”

“Then let’s invite these wild Transcendent Beings to the event as well,” Xu Ran said with a smile, “After all, foster shops are in business to make money.”

“If we can do business with human Beast Masters, why can’t we do business with wild Transcendent Beings?”

“After all…” Xu Ran paused, thinking of the Earth Raccoons and the Earthy Rat Clan that he had served with Washing and Protection in the last few days, his eyes brimming with amusement, “they will pay us, and even better, they pay with resources, don’t we earn more that way?”@@novelbin@@

“Indeed.” After hearing Xu Ran’s words, Liu Fengyun pondered for a while and then nodded slightly, “Our foster shops are opened to do business.”

“If we can do business with human Beast Masters, naturally we can do business with wild Transcendent Beings.”

“Such a thing would be impossible in other cities, but in Monster Wooden City, it can be realized.” Thinking of the Transcendent Beings that roamed the Monster Wooden Marketplace, Liu Fengyun couldn’t help but consider.

They could understand human language, and they could even express their demands clearly through various gestures and body language.

They did not harbor the same animosity towards humans as the wild Transcendent Beings Liu Fengyun had in mind, who would attack upon sighting humans. Instead, they would obediently follow human rules and pay honestly when buying things in the Monster Wooden Marketplace.

Doing business with them…

For a moment, Liu Fengyun’s heart swelled with anticipation.

“To tell you the truth,” he said with a laugh, shaking his head, “I and the other foster shop owners have been in Monster Wooden City longer than you, Boss Xu, but when it comes to integrating into this city, you have us beat by a mile.”

At this point, Liu Fengyun suddenly remembered that both times he came to Starfire Foster, he saw Xu Ran washing and caring for wild Transcendent Being clans.

“While we were still thinking traditionally, only treating Beast Masters as customers, Boss Xu had already included the Transcendent Beings of Monster Wooden City into his clientele.”

“This is all coincidental…” Xu Ran’s face grew more helpless, “Anyhow, that is my suggestion. I hope Boss Liu and the others can consider it.”

“I will discuss it with them.” Liu Fengyun nodded earnestly, “If we’re to hold this event at Monster Wooden Marketplace, then the venue problem becomes much easier to solve.”

“Once the arrangements with the Beast Master Association are completed, we can set up on the most bustling Sky-touching Main Road in the Monster Wooden Marketplace…” Saying this, Liu Fengyun lowered his head and began to write swiftly on the tentative plan in his hand.

Seeing the sparkle in his eyes, he must have been coming up with many new ideas as he wrote.

“Alright, then I’ll take my leave.” Raising his head, Liu Fengyun gave Xu Ran a smile, “If all goes well, I believe my colleagues will agree.”

“Boss Xu, wait for my good news!”

“Alright!”

Waving goodbye to his visitor, Xu Ran turned to the three little ones and spread his hands, “Work is over for today, let’s go and prepare dinner together.”

“Meow~”

“Xi Lu~”

“Chah~”

Around the shop, the cheers of the three little ones echoed.

On the other hand, after hearing Xu Ran’s proposal, Liu Fengyun once again demonstrated his remarkable ability to act swiftly.

By the next morning, Liu Fengyun visited Xu Ran again, telling him the other foster shops had all agreed to the plan and that the negotiations for renting the venue from the Beast Master Association were complete.

In short, the Public Wash and Care Exhibition was fully confirmed, and all that remained was waiting for the following day’s arrival.

—————–

These past few days I’ve been busy taking care of someone in the hospital, and it’s been very difficult to manage even 7,000 words daily. If I had not taken too much leave at the beginning of the month and run out of leave, I would have preferred to take a break from writing… Today it’s only 4,000, I need to make an adjustment.