Chapter 442: 268: Public Wash And Care Exhibition! Undercurrents Surge!_2

Chapter 442: Chapter 268: Public Wash and Care Exhibition! Undercurrents Surge!_2

“`

“Mr. Qi, please don’t be anxious,” Liu Fengyun laughed, his demeanor calm, “When it’s time to start, these curtains will be removed.”

“But for now… let’s keep them closed.”

Noticing the gaze of everyone present and pre-empting any questions, Liu Fengyun volunteered an explanation, “You must have seen that, right now, there are quite a few passersby and wild Transcendent Beings stopping to watch.”

“Maintaining a sense of mystery can pique their curiosity even more and when the event officially starts, it will draw more people to come up and try.”

“Of course, this is only one of the reasons, the more important reason is…” Liu Fengyun’s voice paused slightly, then dropped a few notches, “Our joint effort this time is to counter the local Foster Shops.”

“They were the first to join forces to suppress us, and we were just forced to retaliate,” Liu Fengyun paused again, “Although we are not afraid of them, for the sake of a more secure event, it’s better to delay their receipt of the news.”

“Boss Liu’s concerns make sense,” Du Huayan smiled, “It seems that entrusting this matter to Boss Liu was indeed a wise choice.”

“Boss Du is too kind,” Liu Fengyun’s smile brightened up a bit, “Let’s not stand here. Let’s go in and take a look at the site.”

“As for the site we have set up this time, I am quite satisfied with it.”

Having said that, he led the way to a small door not far away, pushed it open, and entered the stage which was still enclosed at the moment.

Including Xu Ran, the other fourteen Foster Shop owners followed suit.

Soon, the surprisingly open Washing and Protection area was before everyone’s eyes.

For a moment, everyone couldn’t help but exclaim in surprise.

Because, although the stage had only started being set up since last night, it already very near completion.

Some of the weaker Foster Shops even felt that the Foster Area in front of them was better than their own stores.

“Everyone, check if there’s anything missing from the washing and protection equipment we’ll need before the event officially starts,” Liu Fengyun said as he picked up a lottery tube from a nearby counter and shook it, “Once that’s confirmed, it’s time to draw lots to decide the order of our showcases.”

“No problems over here,” Qi Cang strode around the Foster Area, quickly returning to indicate that everything he needed for washing and protection was available, then took a bamboo stick out of the lottery tube Liu Fengyun held.

After a glance at it, he couldn’t help but sigh, “This luck is just…”

While speaking, he passed the bamboo stick for the others to see.

On it was the number “1.”

It meant that Qi Cang was scheduled to do his washing and protection in the very first time slot.

“There’s no need to mind, Mr. Qi,” Liu Fengyun explained with a smile, “The first time slot starts at eight and ends at ten. Although this slot might have fewer visitors, it lasts longer than the others.”

“Yes, Mr. Qi first finished checking, drew lots first, and got the first time slot. That could be a good omen,” Du Huayan commented with a restrained smile, “Perhaps today’s most popular Foster Shop will be your Gray Wolf Foster Store, no?”

“I dare not presume!” Hearing this, Qi Cang waved his hands repeatedly, “Well then, I’ll take the lead and show my face, for everyone’s amusement.”

Amongst the laughter, the second Foster Shop owner finished checking his washing and protection equipment and came back to draw lots.

Then the third, and the fourth…

By the time Xu Ran had finished confirming his Foster needs with his three little ones, he was the ninth to draw lots.

“Boss Xu, please,” Liu Fengyun smiled and handed over the lottery tube, now with only seven sticks remaining, to Xu Ran.

“All right.” Xu Ran took a deep breath, then randomly picked out one stick.

Before him was the number “5.”

“The fifth time slot, from two in the afternoon to three,” Qi Cang smiled, “Boss Xu, you’re in luck, drawing one of the time slots with the highest foot traffic, though that means the duration will be shorter.”

“No worries,” Xu Ran nodded, understanding.

The shorter duration of the busier times slots was pre-arranged.

This arrangement wasn’t due to the quantity of guests.

After all, washings vary in time needed; whether it’s one hour or two, there are only so many Pet Beasts you can wash.

It was about exposure.

Given the same length of time, the foot traffic during Xu Ran’s slot would be twice that of Qi Cang’s, meaning twice as many people would learn about Starfire Foster, naturally compensating Qi Cang with a longer time.

In this respect, the arrangement was without flaw.

After Xu Ran, five more Foster Shop owners came to draw lots in succession.

The last bamboo stick in the lottery tube was Liu Fengyun’s.

“Now that everyone has drawn lots and knows their showcase times,” Liu Fengyun shook the now-empty lottery tube in his hand.

“Then, it’s time for the event to begin.”@@novelbin@@

Though he had finished speaking, the stage curtains, controlled by the staff, were lifted, unveiling the stage’s interior to the curious onlookers and wild Transcendent Beings outside.

And the fifteen people on stage could also see the surprised expressions of the passersby and wild Transcendent Beings outside.

“So now, the time is yours, Mr. Qi,” Liu Fengyun patted Qi Cang on the shoulder and pointed at a man quickly walking toward them, holding a megaphone, “This is Zhou Hang, the host for today’s event. Leave the hosting to him.”

“`