Chapter 445: 269: High Difficulty? No Difficulty!

Chapter 445: Chapter 269: High Difficulty? No Difficulty!

“Washing and protecting a difficult Pet Beast? I actually do have one,”

After hearing Liu Yu’s idea, one of the local Foster Shop owners chuckled, “It’s a Wind Bell at the Leadership Stage. Not only is it difficult to wash and protect, but the Beast Master also has a bad temper.”

“If those outsiders don’t wash and protect it well, just the Beast Master throwing a fit will be enough to give them a hard time,”

Having said that, a somewhat schadenfreude expression appeared on the face of the local Foster Shop owner; clearly, he had witnessed such scenes before.

“Wind Bell…” Liu Yu muttered under his breath, a contemplative look in his eyes, before turning to the other Foster Shop owners, “What do you all think about this option?”

“This won’t do,” another local owner shook his head, “Although washing and protecting a Wind Bell is quite troublesome, I’m afraid it’s not enough to stump them, after all…”

He couldn’t help but puff out his chest as he said this, “I’ve already figured out how to wash and protect a Wind Bell, and those outsiders from other Foster Shops have more experience and might also have their methods.”

Upon hearing his words, the other Foster Shop owners cast envious and jealous glances at him.

“If that is the case, let’s all suggest some other choices,” Liu Yu nodded in understanding and then looked at the others.

“I have an idea,” the owner who had just revealed his knowledge on washing and protecting the Wind Bell spoke with a smile, “How about we let them wash and protect an Earth Rock Spirit? That’s definitely going to be difficult.”

“Earth Rock Spirit? That’s child’s play,” another local owner smirked with pride, clearly aware of how to wash and protect such Transcendent Beings.

So, this suggestion clearly wasn’t reliable either.

“In my Foster Shop, there is indeed a Pet Beast that is quite suitable,” a person who had been quiet during the previous discussions suddenly spoke up, “Although my shop has never washed and protected it before, I know its difficulty level has to be high.”

Everyone turned to look at the person who had just spoken, and then they each showed a reflective look, obviously having some ideas and speculations.

“Are you talking about… that Exquisite Flower King that has been fostered at your shop for a long time?” Liu Yu asked tentatively, excitement flashing in his eyes, “The Pet Beast that even Mystical Wood Dew can’t completely wash and protect?”

“Exactly, the Exquisite Flower King,” confirmed the owner with a slight nod, “I’m confident I can persuade its Beast Master to bring it to the event.”

“Even Mystical Wood Dew, produced by the Beast Emperor, can’t wash and protect it thoroughly, I don’t believe those outsiders have any way to do it!”

“Alright, let’s do that!”

“Hehe, the washing and protecting difficulty is sure to be high!”

The other owners expressed their stance, clearly having no objections to this proposal.

They had vaguely heard about the Exquisite Flower King one or two years ago.

Mystical Wood Dew can wash and protect even the Demon Wood Domain’s Beast King, but it just can’t do a complete job on it, only able to complete a part of the process.

Now that there’s been no Mystical Wood Dew for several months, its condition can only have worsened.

Those outsiders from other Foster Shop owners are bound to be stumped by it.

Once washing and protection fails…

Hehe!

Thinking of the consequences, they couldn’t help but let out snickers in unison.

“Bring those Pet Beasts mentioned just now too,” Liu Yu said with a visibly more relaxed expression, “I heard they are taking turns showing off at the Public Wash and Care Exhibition from fifteen Foster Shops.”

“We’ll prepare several more tricks up our sleeve, to really play with them.”

As he spoke, a stern look flashed in Liu Yu’s eyes.

He thought of Xu Ran.

It didn’t matter what happened with the other shops, but that Exquisite Flower King, it had to be assigned to the Starfire Foster Care Shop!

This time, there’s no way to let that person continue to be insolent!

—————–

“Du’s washing and protection techniques are really unique,”

At a seat not far from the stage of the Public Wash and Care Exhibition, Xu Ran watched a Pet Beast that had just been washed and protected by Du Huayan and was now refreshed, as its Beast Master continuously expressed gratitude to Du Huayan and gave a generous reward of twenty thousand, he couldn’t help but exclaim.

Before Du Huayan, he had already witnessed the washing and protection methods of three different Foster Shop owners. Each method was focused on a different aspect, unique in its own right, and opened Xu Ran’s eyes.

But what surprised him the most was Du Huayan’s method.

The most distinctive feature of Du Huayan’s method was the extensive use of floral Transcendent Resources during the washing and protection process, which through collection, extraction, and special blending, formed bath liquids with various effects.

Conditioning, repairing, maintaining…

Besides the usual effects of washing and protection, there were even bath liquids with medical uses, such as promoting the recovery of external injuries and facilitating the repair of burns and scalds.

“Their Hundred Flowers Foster Store specializes in that,” The elderly man wearing glasses who sat not far from Xu Ran chuckled, “Even in our Bright Radiance City, Hundred Flowers is quite a famous Foster Shop.”@@novelbin@@

This elderly man was Zhang Qinglan, the owner of the Lanhe Foster Care Store, and like Du Huayan, he came from the Second Level Town Bright Radiance City.

The two had known each other for a long time before coming to Monster Wooden City.

“Boss Du was born into the Du family in Bright Radiance, a special family specializing in studying extraordinary flora. Her strength comes from being immersed in it from a young age,” Zhang Qinglan sighed, “That’s something you can’t just learn!”

“Speaking of which, Boss Xu, it’s your turn after Boss Du, right?” Another owner spoke with a friendly smile, “I’ve heard that the Pet Beasts you took over from the Universe Foster Store that were considered beyond saving, were washed and protected by you to the point of being completely transformed.”