Chapter 444: 268: Public Wash And Care Exhibition! Undercurrents Surge!_4

Chapter 444: Chapter 268: Public Wash and Care Exhibition! Undercurrents Surge!_4

“…”

As Xu Ran listened to the exchanges of other store owners, a contemplative expression surfaced in his eyes.@@novelbin@@

According to the system’s assessment, the current Washing and Protection requirement for this Little Flame Monkey was four stars, which was already considered difficult to groom.

Of course, that was for other people.

For Xu Ran, the Little Flame Monkey before him was not enough to pose a challenge.

In just a moment, the corresponding Washing and Protection plan appeared in his mind.

So…

What he was more curious about now was, how would this Mr. Qi Cang respond?

Under the watchful eyes of Xu Ran and the other store owners, Qi Cang quickly finished his preparations and then began the official grooming.

In his hand, there appeared a rough-surfaced, dark red stone.

“Is that a Flint Stone?” one of the Foster Shop owners whispered, “It’s good at kindling fires, is Mr. Qi planning a Fire Bath?”

A Fire Bath involved using a kindling material to ignite some special combustible resources, which during burning would release the energy contained within, melding into the Pet Beast’s body, nourishing and repairing it with energy.

This method was basically something only a Fire Pet Beast could use.

As for the Little Flame Monkey right now, it was indeed the perfect candidate.

“No, it’s not a Fire Bath.” Another Foster Shop owner, who had a closer relationship with Qi Cang and obviously knew about Qi Cang’s grooming methods beforehand, chuckled and said, “Mr. Qi is skilled in the Stone Washing Method.”

“Huh?” The Foster Shop owner who had mentioned the Fire Bath looked confused, “Stone Washing Method? What is that…?”

“Zzzt~”

A scraping noise from the stage interrupted his question.

The audience looked towards the source of the sound just in time to see Qi Cang holding a Flint Stone, scraping it at an intricate angle along the side of the Little Flame Monkey’s body. As the Flint Stone grazed the Little Flame Monkey’s fur, it sparked a trail of fire towards the sky.

The Little Flame Monkey’s facial features slightly furrowed, seemingly enduring pain, but soon after each scrape from the Flint Stone, its tightened features gradually relaxed, revealing a comfortable expression on its face.

Eventually, the look of pain completely disappeared, replaced by total comfort, even causing the Little Flame Monkey to involuntarily hum in pleasure.

And with each scrape, the flames around its body visibly grew more vigorous, the red glow tumbling upwards, casting a red hue over the entire grooming platform.

Seeing this scene, the spectators burst into an uproar, and among these sounds, there were also diverse Beast Roars.

Clearly, it wasn’t only the human Beast Masters who were moved by the apparent grooming results, but also the wild Transcendent Beings felt an impulse.

“This Stone Washing Method is Mr. Qi’s forte. It appears simple, just scraping the body’s surface with a Fire Attribute stone, but in fact, it’s quite sophisticated,” previously mentioned Foster Shop owner chuckled.

“I’ve heard of this method, but doesn’t it seem to have quite a few limitations?” another Foster Shop owner couldn’t help but interject, “Only a portion of Pet Beasts are suitable.”

“Of course,” the previous Foster Shop owner nodded, “There’s no grooming method that suits all Pet Beasts.”

“Formulating corresponding Washing and Protection methods based on the Pet Beast’s conditions, that’s what we need to do.”

Hearing this, the others couldn’t help but nod in agreement.

On the stage, the grooming of the Little Flame Monkey ended quickly, and the Beast Master was obviously very satisfied with the post-grooming results. After listening to the host explain the reward rules, he did not hesitate to give 15,000 yuan, expressing his gratitude.

This price was already higher than the Gray Wolf Foster Store’s charge for small Pet Beast grooming, causing the hearts of the other Foster Shop owners to race with desire, itching to try it out for themselves.

The atmosphere at the event instantly heated up with this perfect start, and after the Little Flame Monkey’s Beast Master left the stage, the number of audience members eager to hop up surged dramatically.

The atmosphere at the Universe Foster Store was strikingly different from that of the open-air Washing and Protection exhibitions.

At this moment, the door of the Universe Foster Store was temporarily closed, and a wooden sign reading “Temporarily Closed” hung on the door.

However, the Universe Foster Store was not empty; in fact, there were more people inside than usual.

Besides the owner, Liu Yu, there were about ten men and women of various temperaments.

Only, their expressions were none too pleased.

“Everyone, I believe you have also received the news,” Liu Yu’s voice was somewhat somber, “those foster shops from outside the area have joined forces.”

“They have conducted public Washing and Protection demonstrations at the Monster Wooden Marketplace to gain popularity for themselves.”

“You should be aware that such actions pose no small threat to us.”

“What threat? No threat at all,” one of the owners snorted dismissively, “If they can do it, naturally we can too.”

“Tomorrow, we can hold a similar event. With our fame in Monster Wooden City, we can reclaim the customers they’ve attracted in minutes.”

“I have to say, Mr. Tian, your words are somewhat amusing,” another owner couldn’t help but shake his head, “If our Washing and Protection techniques were really that good, would we need to join forces to suppress them?”

With that said, everyone fell silent.

Indeed.

These establishments had been invited by the Beast Master Association of Monster Wooden City from various Second Level Towns to set up shop, so their strength goes without saying.

By contrast, they had never before dabbled in the Washing and Protection Service, and many aspects of the business were like feeling stones to cross the river; they were simply no match for the others in terms of experience.

If their own abilities were truly not lacking, then how could these local foster shops, which already enjoyed high popularity and reputation, be threatened by a few outsiders with no local foundation?

A public Washing and Protection Exhibition is both easy and difficult.

Easily done by simply borrowing a venue and setting up a stage.

The difficulty lies in the fact that locally, foster shops hold their privately developed Washing and Protection techniques very close to their chest, unwilling to make them public.

Even if they were willing to disclose them, following an exhibition already conducted by the out-of-town foster shops, mimicking them would do no more than make them the object of ridicule, clumsily wielding the tools of another’s trade.

“Doing the same as them, holding such public demonstrations of Washing and Protection is definitely out of the question,” Liu Yu shook his head, dismissing the suggestion, “But we can’t just sit here and wait for our demise either.”

Hearing Liu Yu’s words, everyone nodded in agreement.

Clearly, they all shared the same thought.

The opposition has made their move, and they couldn’t just lie down and take it, could they?

“Mr. Liu, you seem like you might have an idea?” one of the owners observed Liu Yu carefully before suddenly speaking up.

“I indeed have an idea,” Liu Yu nodded, “but it will require a bit of help from all of you.”

“Doing the same as them, holding such public demonstrations of Washing and Protection is definitely out of the question,” Liu Yu shook his head, dismissing the suggestion, “But we can’t just sit here and wait for our demise either.”

Hearing Liu Yu’s words, everyone nodded in agreement.

Clearly, they all shared the same thought.

The opposition has made their move, and they couldn’t just lie down and take it, could they?

“Mr. Liu, you seem like you might have an idea?” one of the owners observed Liu Yu carefully before suddenly speaking up.

“I indeed have an idea,” Liu Yu nodded, “but it will require a bit of help from all of you.”