Chapter 448: 269: High Difficulty? No Difficulty!_4

Chapter 448: Chapter 269: High Difficulty? No Difficulty!_4

Following that, gasps of amazement resounded throughout the room.

There was no denying it; the condition of the Pet Beast was dreadfully poor.

It was a humanoid Pet Beast that walked on two legs and had two arms sprouting from its torso; its figure was slender, with a waist as thin as a flower stem.

At the tips of both its hands and feet, there were no palm-like structures as seen in humans; instead, there were smooth root-like structures without any offshoots, and at the wrists and ankles, it had exaggeratedly large flower buds, with similar buds atop its head resembling a crown.

This Transcendent Being as a whole had a smoky pink hue, and it should have been an incredibly attractive Pet Beast. However, the deep brown rust-like blemishes that spread across every part of its body, reminiscent of withering flowers, made it look extremely bizarre.

Without question, this was a Pet Beast in urgent need of Washing and Protection to adjust its condition.

Xu Ran’s eyebrows knitted slightly at this moment.

Because the evaluation from the system for the Pet Beast in front of him was somewhat troubling…

[Race name: Exquisite Flower King

Attribute: Earth

Growth stage: General stage

Body Type: Medium

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★★★★

Evaluation: Given its special Washing and Protection requirements, in the many years gone by, no treatment has ever reached its core. Pleasure has always been fleeting, leaving only a deeper yearning. It’s time for the Host to use their skilled grooming techniques to fill its heart!]

Setting aside the system’s increasingly frivolous evaluation content, Xu Ran grasped a faint suspicion brewing in his mind.

Could this Pet Beast possibly be…

—————–

“Even Mystical Wood Dew cannot be used for its Washing and Protection?!”

Below the stage, the various Foster Shop owners from out of town showed expressions of shock and anger.

Mystical Wood Dew is a special resource produced by the Beast Emperor.

It could be said that, if not for the Beast Emperor’s halted production, these skilled Foster Shops from out of town would scarcely have a chance to survive here.

How miraculous is such a resource?

And how extremely difficult to groom must a Pet Beast be that even such a resource cannot Washing and Protection it?

“Yes.” Liu Fengyun’s expression at that moment was just as dark. “It was during a chance occurrence that I learned about the existence of this Exquisite Flower King.”

“It is said to be an extremely unique Evolutionary Form that has never been seen before in Monster Wooden City. With high difficulty in grooming, even Mystical Wood Dew can’t thoroughly clean it.”

“Don’t mention never seen in Monster Wooden City, I’ve been in Xuanxing City for all these years and I’ve not heard about such an evolved Exquisite Flower King.”

“I haven’t heard of it either.”

“Neither have I…”

The various Foster Shop owners shook their heads one after another, their faces showing helpless expressions.

Running a Foster Shop, regardless of the service provided, requires an in-depth understanding of the respective species, so servicing the Leader Species is the simplest.

Because there are detailed records for almost all existing Leader Species.

It’s more challenging when providing Washing and Protection for a King Species that has evolved once.

That’s because many King Species have brand-new Evolutionary Forms, never before seen by anyone. In such cases, providing service requires starting from scratch, with the only point of reference being the species’ previous form before evolution.

That is also why there is a substantial gap in depth and strength between Foster Shops catering to Leadership Stage or below and those serving up to King Stage or below.

And for higher Emperor Species, the services required to keep up becomes even more difficult.

This Exquisite Flower King was precisely the kind of case these Foster shops feared encountering.

Not only is there no precedent, but the service difficulty is also extremely high. Conventional services are inadequate for its needs, and even a miraculous resource like Mystical Wood Dew is insufficient.

Then, how could Boss Xu possibly manage?

At this moment, no one had confidence in Xu Ran.

“Boss Xu has already stepped onto the stage,” Du Huayan said softly, her eyes showing a grave expression, “If he fails, Starfire Foster’s reputation might be ruined.”

“It was my oversight,” Liu Fengyun took in a deep breath and took responsibility, “For all future guests who will take the stage, I will request that they summon their Pet Beasts for inspection first, and only after confirming they are no issue will they be allowed on stage.”

“As for Boss Xu…” Liu Fengyun glanced at Xu Ran on the stage, a hint of apology flickering in his eyes, “The best way I can think of to salvage this is to tell all present about the situation with this Pet Beast.”

“If they all knew that even Mystical Wood Dew couldn’t wash and protect the Exquisite Flower King, then Boss Xu’s failure afterwards would bring much less of a negative impact.”

“That’s the only thing we can do,” sighed Du Huayan softly.

Other foster shop owners also had a touch of sympathy on their faces.

Boss Xu was so young, and he was the last to come to Monster Wooden City among them.

This is truly…

Such a pity.

—————–

“Hey, have you heard? The washing and protection of that Exquisite Flower King is especially difficult.”

“Oh? How so?”

“They say that even Mystical Wood Dew can’t properly wash and protect the Exquisite Flower King, which is why it’s in such bad shape.”

“What? There are Transcendent Beings that Mystical Wood Dew can’t wash and protect?”

“Yeah, if Mystical Wood Dew can’t do it, can this young man succeed in washing and protecting it?”

“I don’t see much hope, just his bad luck.”

“Indeed, I think we could give him another chance, and after he washes and protects the next Transcendent Being, then we can determine the washing and protection level of his shop.”

“You have a point there…”

Similar, covert conversations were happening at many places in the audience.

Under Liu Fengyun’s arrangement, the staff secretly planted among the crowd deliberately guided the conversations, and soon everyone there knew the details about the Exquisite Flower King.

In their hearts, they already expected Xu Ran to fail in his washing and protection task, so naturally, they wouldn’t feel too disappointed when the actual failure occurred.

As Liu Fengyun said, this was probably the best way he could think of to help Xu Ran.

However…

On the stage, Xu Ran didn’t seem to need it.

“Please lie down here.”

After signaling the Exquisite Flower King to lie on the corresponding washing and protection table for a medium-sized Pet Beast, Xu Ran began various preparations for the washing and protection with a calm expression.

Undoubtedly, washing and protecting this Pet Beast would be very difficult.

Even for him, with the system, it was the case.

But, when there are difficulties, you overcome them.

It’s just a withered flower.

Just pump it full of nutrition and it’s done.

Soon, Xu Ran finished his preparations and stood up straight.

However, he didn’t start right away.

The Hexagram Star Array twinkled into existence behind him.

The next moment, Star and Cancan stepped out of the fierce wind.

“This time for the washing and protection, I need both of your help.” After giving a few instructions to the two Pet Beasts, Xu Ran then officially began the washing and protection process.@@novelbin@@

Accompanied by the shower gel, at just the right temperature, being sprayed from the shower head onto the Exquisite Flower King’s delicate body, evenly soaking its slightly wilted leaves and petals.

Just pump it full of nutrition and it’s done.

Soon, Xu Ran finished his preparations and stood up straight.

However, he didn’t start right away.

The Hexagram Star Array twinkled into existence behind him.

The next moment, Star and Cancan stepped out of the fierce wind.

“This time for the washing and protection, I need both of your help.” After giving a few instructions to the two Pet Beasts, Xu Ran then officially began the washing and protection process.

Accompanied by the shower gel, at just the right temperature, being sprayed from the shower head onto the Exquisite Flower King’s delicate body, evenly soaking its slightly wilted leaves and petals.