Chapter 447: 269: High Difficulty? No Difficulty!_3

Chapter 447: Chapter 269: High Difficulty? No Difficulty!_3

“`

This store seems more reliable.

After listening to the host explain the reward rules, the man, no longer wearing a grimace, tipped thirty thousand yuan without hesitation before turning with Wind Bell and leaving.

As the wash and care session for Wind Bell concluded, the cleaning time for Hundred Flowers Foster Store was also drawing to an end.

The host, holding a microphone, began to maintain the atmosphere in the venue, acting as a bridge between the changes of the two foster shops, while Du Huayan on stage neatly packed up her grooming supplies before stepping down.

It wasn’t until she walked off the stage that her seemingly relaxed facial expression became a little strained.

“Phew! That was close!”

In front of her colleagues, Du Huayan couldn’t help but smile wryly, “If it wasn’t for having handled a similar case a few days ago and learning some techniques for washing and caring for half-elemental pet beasts, today could have been a disaster.”

“Haha, the effect of your grooming was pretty good, no need to worry,” Zhang Qinglan laughed heartily with a relieving smile on his face, “The first wave of attacks from those local foster shops seems to have been easily defused by you.”

“Local foster shops?” Du Huayan asked curiously.

Completely focused on grooming for her clients, she was unaware of what had transpired.

It was through the back and forth of the others that Du Huayan came to understand that the customer who had gone on stage was not a chance occurrence.

“So that’s how it is…” A fleeting look of displeasure appeared in Du Huayan’s eyes, but it quickly gave way to concern.

She turned to look at Xu Ran and said softly, “Little Boss Xu, it’s your turn to go on stage next, and I don’t think they will let it go easily.”

“I understand,” Xu Ran nodded slightly, his expression calm.

Having learned that Wind Bell had been deliberately arranged by the local foster shops, he had already mentally prepared for such a scenario.

Having completely offended Universe Foster Store, he would likely be the one to receive the harshest retribution.

But… what of it?

A trace of amusement flickered in Xu Ran’s eyes.@@novelbin@@

No matter how you plot and scheme, you can’t beat the fact that I have a trick up my sleeve…

“Next, please welcome the owner of Starfire Foster Care Shop from Xieyun City, Mr. Xu Ran, to the stage to present a new round of the Public Wash and Care Exhibition!”

Accompanied by the host’s fervent voice, Xu Ran stood up, and after giving the local foster shops’ direction a glance, he walked up to the stage with his head held high.

“He’s going up!”

Seeing Xu Ran take the stage, Liu Yu, standing in a corner of the crowd, let out a low grunt, “It’s time for the Exquisite Flower King to make an appearance.”

“Hmm.” The owner of the foster shop where the Exquisite Flower King resided glanced at Liu Yu.

He was well aware of the history between the two men.

Since the Exquisite Flower King was bound to appear sooner or later, he did not mind lending a hand to Liu Yu.

With that thought, he smiled at a middle-aged man beside him, “Then next, it’ll be Mr. Zhao’s turn to take the stage.”

“Hmm…” The middle-aged man looked somewhat reluctant, “We had an agreement that if they can’t properly groom my Exquisite Flower King, your shop will go all out to find a solution for my pet’s grooming.”

“Yes,” the owner clenched his teeth, “Our shop will see it done! Even if it means appealing to the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood itself.”

“Good!”

The middle-aged man nodded in satisfaction and then strode towards the stage.

At the same time, on the other side of the stage, a youth watching Xu Ran take the stage appeared bewildered.

“Tutu, do you want to take your pet beast with me to that Hundred Flowers Foster Shop we just saw for a grooming session?” Standing next to the youth was a short chubby boy of similar age who was looking quite hopeful, “That place seemed awesome!”

“Tutu?”

“Hmm?” Li Tutu was snapped back to reality by his companion tugging on his arm, “Dazhu, what did you just say?”

Zhou Dazhu shook his head helplessly and repeated what he had said.

“Hmm… let’s not rush,” Li Tutu said, his eyes fixed on Mr. Xu on the stage, full of anticipation, “Let’s wait and see!”

Images of the time he had spent with Xu Ran flashed through Li Tutu’s mind.

He never expected that the congenial General Level Beast Master would turn out to be the owner of a foster shop!

—————–

“Now then, let’s invite the first client to the stage with a round of warm applause!”

As the host spoke, a significant round of applause erupted on the side of the stage.

Looking at the dense crowd at the peak time beneath the stage, Xu Ran’s face bore a calm smile, and his hands, hidden behind his back, clenched suddenly in that moment.

He had to seize this opportunity!

The details of the grooming he was about to perform had to be perfect.

Only by grooming the pet beast to the best degree possible could he etch the name of Starfire Foster into the hearts of people and accelerate the increase in fame!

With anticipation in his heart, Xu Ran stared steadily at the middle-aged man approaching the stage.

“We thank this gentleman for coming up. Next, Mr. Xu Ran, owner of Starfire Foster, will take care of your pet beast!”

After dropping this remark, the host turned and left.

“Hello,” Xu Ran greeted with a smile, though internally he guessed whether the man was one of those sent by the local foster shops, “You can summon your pet beast now.”

“Alright,” the middle-aged man sighed softly. Although he wasn’t holding much hope, he quickly displayed the summoning array.

With the Hexagram Star Array twinkling, a slender pet beast appeared, stepping out from the surge of energy it aroused.

“`