Chapter 458: 272: The Unusual New Resident_4

Chapter 458: Chapter 272: The Unusual New Resident_4

As his voice faded, Xiaoxiao, who had been lying lazily in his arms, suddenly propped up her body to sit upright, shook her head towards him, her eyes sparkling with human-like illumination.

“Eh?” Li Tutu’s eyes flashed with a hint of surprise, “Xiaoxiao, you…”

Through Contractual Sensing, Xiaoxiao clearly conveyed her thoughts to him.

She was already a Pet Beast capable of handling things on her own, not just a pet that lay in the palm of Li Tutu’s hand every day!

“So that’s what you’re thinking,” Li Tutu said, his face showing a touch of embarrassment, “But why didn’t you say anything before?”

“Squeak~”

Xiaoxiao made a few gestures, then glanced at Xu Ran.

Li Tutu understood.

Because they had always interacted in this way, Xiaoxiao didn’t know how to speak up.

It was Boss Xu’s question that brought the issue to the forefront, making Xiaoxiao brave enough to express her thoughts.

From the time Xiaoxiao awakened into a Golden Whisker Mouse until now, he hadn’t conducted any Skill Training for a Pet Beast, nor used the Golden Whisker Mouse’s Skills, still raising her as a pet that couldn’t do anything, keeping her company.

This way of interaction was not what Xiaoxiao wanted!

“I understand,” Li Tutu nodded with a sudden realization, “In that case, from now on I’ll treat you as a contract partner!”

“Squeak~”

The Golden Whisker Mouse nodded with satisfaction, stood up from the palm of Li Tutu’s hand, and climbed nimbly up his arm, soon perching on Li Tutu’s shoulder, rubbing against his face, and then looking around seriously, as if keeping watch for him.

Seeing the Golden Whisker Mouse’s departure from her usual indolence, Li Tutu also realized that his past approach might have been somewhat improper.

He looked gratefully at Xu Ran, “Boss Xu, with that said, we’ll be taking our leave now.”

“Take care, and welcome to visit again next time,” Xu Ran said with a smile, waving at the departing duo, then stretched leisurely.

The casual chat had delayed quite a bit of time, so that would be it for the morning’s business.

Sensing someone entering outside the door, Xu Ran called out without turning back, “Hello, the morning hours are over, please come back in the afternoon.”

The response came with a voice tinged with a bit of confusion.

“Squeak?”

Huh? Not a human?

Hearing the sound, Xu Ran couldn’t help but turn his head to look.

Standing at the entrance of the store was a round-headed, round-bodied creature, about one and a half meters tall, looking a bit like a honey badger, but not as slender, appearing somewhat short and stout, and a little slow-witted at first glance.

In one look, Xu Ran recognized its species.

Fighting Pet Beasts, Combat Badger.@@novelbin@@

Despite its name and appearance relating to being slow-witted, its combat power ranked amongst the very top in the Fighting Attribute Leading Race, possessing four Two-star Talent Skills.

So, was this a wild Combat Badger?

After waiting for a while and not seeing its Beast Master, Xu Ran subconsciously made this judgment.

He quickly approached the Combat Badger, “Are you here for Washing and Protection as well?”

Handling the Washing and Protection for wild Transcendent Beings was not a first-time experience for him.

No problem!

Hearing Xu Ran’s question, the Combat Badger’s little ears twitched, its eyes shimmered with intelligence, and soon it shook its head.

“Squeak~”

“Not for that?” Xu Ran’s face took on an added expression of surprise, “Then why are you here?”

Seemingly aware of the difficulty in communicating with the human before it, the Combat Badger didn’t continue to speak. It looked around, quickly finding the Price Menu on the walls of the Foster Shop.

Waddling over to the Price Menu, the Combat Badger scanned through the various numbers, finally settling on one.

“Snap!”

With a crisp sound, the Combat Badger slapped one of the Price Menus.

[Elite Stage Pet Beast Foster Care: 6666/Day]

Looking at this particular Price Menu and then back at the Elite Stage Combat Badger, after a long moment, Xu Ran spoke with an uncertain voice.

“You want to foster?!”

—————–

“So that’s what you’ve been thinking,” Li Tutu said with increasing embarrassment. “But why didn’t you say anything earlier?”

“Squeak~”

Jin made a few more gestures and then glanced at Xu Ran.

Li Tutu understood.

Because their interaction had always been this way, Jin didn’t know how to broach the topic.

It was only after Boss Xu’s questioning put the issue in the open that Jin bravely expressed its thoughts.

Since awakening as a Golden Whisker Mouse, Li Tutu hadn’t provided any Skill Training for it as a Pet Beast, nor had he utilized the Golden Whisker Mouse’s skills. He continued to take care of it as if it were a pet that couldn’t do anything, letting it keep him company.

This way of interaction wasn’t what Jin wanted!

“I understand,” Li Tutu nodded, his face showing a dawning realization. “In that case, from now on, I will treat you as a Contractual partner!”

“Squeak~”

The Golden Whisker Mouse nodded in satisfaction, got up from Li Tutu’s palm, and nimbly climbed up his arm. In no time, it was standing on Li Tutu’s shoulder, rubbing against his face, then looked around earnestly as if keeping watch for him.

Seeing the Golden Whisker Mouse shedding its usual lazy behavior, Li Tutu also realized that his past actions might have been somewhat improper.

He looked gratefully at Xu Ran, “Boss Xu, given the circumstances, we’ll take our leave now.”

“Safe travels, and you’re welcome to come again,” Xu Ran said with a smile as he waved goodbye to the departing pair and then stretched lazily.

The casual conversation had taken up quite a bit of time, so he decided to call it a day with the morning’s business.

Sensing a presence outside the door, Xu Ran called out without turning around, “Hello, the morning business is over, please come back in the afternoon.”

The response he received was a voice tinged with a bit of confusion.

“Ji?”

Hmm? Not human?

Upon hearing that sound, Xu Ran couldn’t help but turn to look.

Standing at the entrance of the shop was a round-headed, approximately one-and-a-half-meter-tall critter, looking somewhat like a badger but not as sleek. Instead, it looked rather short and plump, and utterly endearing.

With just a glance, Xu Ran recognized its species.

Fighting Pet Beasts, the Combat Badger.

Despite its name and appearance being related to clumsiness, it possessed a Combat power among the top tier of the Fighting System Leading Race, with four Two-Star Talent Skills.

So, was this a wild Combat Badger?

After waiting for a bit with no Beast Master appearing, Xu Ran subconsciously came to this conclusion.

He quickly approached the Combat Badger, “Are you here for Washing and Protection?”

He had hosted the Washing and Protection of wild Transcendent Beings before.

No big deal!

At Xu Ran’s question, the Combat Badger’s tiny ears twitched, and its eyes sparkled with intelligence. It quickly shook its head.

“Ji~”

“Not for that?” Xu Ran’s face showed a bit of surprise. “Then why are you here?”

Realizing the difficulty of communicating with the human before it, the Combat Badger didn’t continue speaking. It glanced around and soon found the Price Menu on the wall of the Foster Shop.

It wobbled over to the Price Menu, scanning over each one until its gaze settled on a particular entry.

“Slap!”

With a crisp sound, the Combat Badger slapped one of the Price Menus.

[Elite Stage Pet Beast Fostering: 6666/day]

After looking at the Price Menu and considering the Elite Stage Combat Badger, Xu Ran finally spoke with a tentative voice.

“You want to foster?!”

—————–