Chapter 450: 270: The Reborn Exquisite Flower King!_2

Chapter 450: Chapter 270: The Reborn Exquisite Flower King!_2

“This must be due to Boss Xu’s unique Washing and Protection technique,” Liu Fengyun sighed with a helpless smile, “I hope Boss Xu can successfully complete the Washing and Protection.”

Not far from the two of them, Du Huayan remained silent, but at some point, her charming face blushed with a trace of crimson. She slightly adjusted the tight long skirt that accentuated her enticing waist and hips, then once again straightened her sitting posture.

Meanwhile, the other Foster Shop owners had an array of strange expressions.

The atmosphere at the event, which had initially been pessimistic about Xu Ran, had vanished without a trace.

However… this new atmosphere might not necessarily be good for Xu Ran either.

All of this went unnoticed by Xu Ran, who was completely absorbed in his own world, fully engrossed in the Washing and Protection work on the Exquisite Flower King before him.

He quietly waited for the bud to be fully saturated with the bath liquid, until a drop of the liquid seeped from the tip of the bud, trickling down its outer edge, and finally fell to the ground. Only then did Xu Ran stop pouring the bath liquid.

Keeping his hand that had been inserted into the bud in place to prop it open, he skillfully donned a latex glove with fine, soft rubber tips on the inside and reached in deep.

Then, Xu Ran started using gentle strength and skilled techniques to rub away the accumulated dirt within the Exquisite Flower King’s body.

With Xu Ran’s ongoing actions, the shaking of the Exquisite Flower King grew more and more intense.

It felt an odd burning sensation within the previously cool comfort, as if its body was about to be set aflame, and the continuously kneading hands imparted a powerful shock, akin to an electric jolt.

The slightly raised head of the Exquisite Flower King suddenly lifted higher, and in its pale green eyes, the dreamy look intensified, as if about to brim with moisture.

Even its originally elliptical pupils subtly deformed at that moment, seemingly about to transform into heart shapes.

In the venue, only its increasingly peculiar sounds echoed.

“Ying~~~”

[Pleasure value from the Exquisite Flower King +70]

[Pleasure value from the Exquisite Flower King +70]

[From…]

Seeing the content expression on the Exquisite Flower King, Xu Ran nodded slightly.@@novelbin@@

With the ultra-thin nature of the latex gloves, he could almost perfectly sense the feedback from the touch on the inner side of the petals.

The granules, like gooseflesh, were particularly stubborn. Even after being soaked in the bath liquid, they could not be shed with too gentle a touch.

Thus, it was time to increase the strength.

Bringing his index finger, middle finger, ring finger, and little finger together, Xu Ran pressed the pads of these four fingers against the surface of the inside of the petals. Then, with a force strong enough to create visible protrusions on the outer wall of the bud, he slowly slid over the inner side of the petals.

Bit by bit, filth by filth, those stubborn stains were finally completely peeled off the inner side of the petals after being sufficiently soaked by the bath liquid and with enough force applied, revealing the newly born, delicate inner surface of the petals.

The dazed look in the eyes of the Exquisite Flower King and the uncontrollable trembling of its entire body reached a climax at this moment.

It felt the currents coursing through its body suddenly intensify, accompanied by an indescribably itchy sensation that made its body convulse involuntarily.

The power of this convulsion spread from the tips of its root-like limbs to every bud base upon its body.

The buds of the Exquisite Flower King were supposed to be under its own control to open and close.

However, having never seen one of its kind and lacking understanding of its own species, this Exquisite Flower King had never managed to do so over a long period of time.

At this moment, under the stimulation of Xu Ran’s Washing and Protection, the Exquisite Flower King fortuitously managed to do it.

One after another, the buds no longer needed Xu Ran’s hands to forcefully prop them open. In the astonished gazes of many, they slowly unfurled to their maximum size, revealing the internal cherry-pink pistils, and with a gentle breeze, light pink luminance scattered about.

At that moment, it truly demonstrated the meaning behind the name “Flower King”!

“In the future, remember to open your buds regularly,” Xu Ran said with a smile, continuing with the task at hand.

With the cooperation of the Exquisite Flower King, the work that followed would be much simpler.

About half an hour later, the agile Xu Ran finally finished Washing and Protection on the last bud of the Exquisite Flower King.

The rust-like blemishes that clung to its petals like tumors were completely gone after a thorough cleansing and the subsequent nourishing techniques applied by Xu Ran.

Left standing on the stage was only a graceful humanoid Pet Beast with cherry-pink blossoms opening upon its pale green body.

This was the true form of the Exquisite Flower King.

Even though the Fate Necklace bestowed by the stars had dissipated, the blooming buds of the Exquisite Flower King still remained open.

Presumably, after having been held back for so long, it could not help wanting to show off its most beautiful side to others.

“If the buds are open for too long, you’ll soon feel weak,” Xu Ran said with a smile as a reminder, which finally made the boastful Exquisite Flower King behave.

The Exquisite Flower King was capable of devouring plant-based Transcendent Resources to enhance itself quickly. These buds that could open to release power were a protective mechanism when it consumed resources too powerful to absorb, not tools for displaying charm.

The Exquisite Flower King turned its head to look at Xu Ran, its pale green eyes filled with a tinge of grievance and reluctance.