Chapter 455: 272: The Unusual New Resident

Chapter 455: Chapter 272: The Unusual New Resident

“Alright, alright, let’s head out of the city!”

Hearing Cancan’s slightly urging voice, Xu Ran couldn’t help but smile.

It seems that staying in the city for the past few days had indeed made this little one, who had a strong desire to explore, feel a bit stifled.

Having delayed for so many days, it was time to schedule a trip out of the city.

“Meow~” (Let’s head out of the city to find the thunderous sounds from the deep underground!)

Ziyun rubbed against Xu Ran’s face, its heterochromatic pupils filled with anticipation.

Although it had not yet sensed the specific details of the thunder, if all went well, there should definitely be something related to the Thunder Attribute.

It would be even better if it could enhance its current strength!

The trio of pets and their owner chatted and laughed, quickly reaching the bedroom on the thirteenth floor. After a hasty wash, the three little ones cuddled up together and quickly fell into dreams.

Xu Ran, on the other hand, sat cross-legged on the bed, using the still-effective Advanced Meditation Acceleration Card to diligently complete his cultivation.

The night passed without incident.

Early the next morning, when Xu Ran opened the tightly shut door of his shop, he was greeted by a bustling crowd of customers who had already been waiting outside the door.

Seeing Xu Ran opening the door, the previously whispering customers grew silent for a moment before starting to speak one after another.

“I heard that your shop’s Washing and Protection is even more impressive than Mystical Wood Dew, is that true?”

“Let me try it quickly, you all move aside, I’ll test the waters for you!”

“Give it up, scooter. Your beads have almost fallen on my face. Queue up nicely!”@@novelbin@@

“Roar~”

“You guys…” Listening to the occasional Beast Roar mixed in, Xu Ran opened his mouth, his expression gradually turning to surprise, “You’ve come so early?”

Although he had anticipated that, after yesterday’s Public Wash and Care Exhibition, there would certainly be many customers coming to the shop for Washing and Protection today.

But the fact that so many customers had shown up before the shop even started its business still took Xu Ran by surprise.

It’s worth noting that even at the peak of business in Qingzhou City and Xieyun City, it had never been like this.

However, Xu Ran had overlooked one thing.

This is Monster Wooden City.

All the Pet Beasts and Transcendent Beings here have accumulated a considerable amount of dirt over the past few months due to the pause in supply of Mystical Wood Dew from the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

If described using The system’s Washing and Protection requirement, the Pet Beasts and Transcendent Beings here had at least a three-star requirement for Washing and Protection.

Previously, even though Washing and Protection Services had begun to appear in Monster Wooden City, the vast majority of people still harbored doubts and prejudices, maintaining a wait-and-see attitude.

Until…

A Pet Beast that Mystical Wood Dew couldn’t clean was transformed by Xu Ran’s dexterous Washing and Protection skills, emerging as if it was brand new.

This made the many watchful people truly realize that Washing and Protection could replace Mystical Wood Dew and even surpass it.

As a result, those Pet Beasts and Transcendent Beings with high Washing and Protection requirements naturally couldn’t stay put.

Among the long line in front of him, there were even a few people who had started queuing last midnight.

After fermenting overnight, the news of the Public Wash and Care Exhibition spread like the wind, and more and more people got to know Starfire Foster Care Shop. By the time Xu Ran opened the door, it had led to the scenario before him.

“I’m first!” The young man at the very front of the line, with two obvious dark circles on his face, clearly having not slept all night, raised his hand, then chuckled, waving to the crowd behind him, “I’ll go in first~”

Having said that, he hurriedly walked into the shop.

“Please wait a moment, one at a time.” Xu Ran gave the other customers an apologetic smile and then entered the shop as well, ready to receive the first client.

The moment the young man with the dark circles entered the shop, he was attracted by the Price Menu hanging inside.

“Medium-sized Pet Beasts for 26666 each…” he muttered softly, then without hesitation, he summoned his Pet Beast behind him, “Wash it!”

With the Energy Storm that lifted, a leopard-like Pet Beast about two meters in length with pale blue fur stepped out from the void step by step.

It had deep blue spots on its body, a smooth, dark blue Single Horn on its head, and what was most eye-catching were its three long tails, composed entirely of water.

As it appeared, Xu Ran also saw the results of the System Identification in front of him.

[Race name: Three-tailed Yan Leopard

Attribute: Water Attribute

Growth Stage: Elite Stage

Body Type: Medium

Washing and Protection Requirement: ★★★☆☆

Evaluation: This is a creature that desperately yearns to be pleased by the Host’s skillful hands, so please wholeheartedly satisfy its needs.]

Water Attribute, huh…

A thoughtful expression appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

After operating the Foster Shop for so long, Xu Ran had also discovered some patterns in Washing and Protection.

Among them was the pattern related to Attributes.

The least common Pet Beasts in the Washing and Protection Shop were Water Attribute Pet Beasts.

The reason for this is that the majority of Water Attribute Pet Beasts possess the capability to clean themselves, allowing them to maintain their prime condition for a longer period.

Of course, there were exceptions.

Such as Lucky Liu’s Sea Wave Flower seen before, and now, the Three-tailed Yan Leopard before him.

As a Water Attribute Pet Beast, and one of the more uncommonly offensive ones at that, the Three-tailed Yan Leopard has a high resistance to Water Power, which is reflected in its fur’s strong hydrophobic properties.

Its soft and fine fur could easily block Water Power, dissolving an opponent’s power one or two layers when facing a foe of the same attribute.