Chapter 451: 270: The Reborn Exquisite Flower King!_3

Chapter 451: Chapter 270: The Reborn Exquisite Flower King!_3

The man before him was the first human to Wash and Protection down to its deepest core.

That peculiar sensation made its body quiver slightly even now as it reminisced.

Xu Ran, however, had not noticed the Exquisite Flower King’s gaze. After he completed the Washing and Protection, he wiped his hands and returned to his previous calm and composure, his eyes turning towards the middle-aged man whose expression had turned into one of immense admiration.

“Are you satisfied with the Washing and Protection?”

“Satisfied! I couldn’t be more satisfied!” The man quickly snapped back to reality upon hearing Xu Ran’s voice and immediately responded without hesitation.

Since his Pet Beast had accidentally evolved into the Exquisite Flower King, Washing and Protection had become a major problem for both him and his Pet Beast.

Even the Mystical Wood Dew produced by the Beast Emperor couldn’t thoroughly Wash and Protection it, which had nearly made the Beast Master lose all hope.

It was said that the Beast Emperor himself possessed a much stronger ability for Washing and Protection, which might solve the issue, but that was clearly beyond the reach of a General Level Beast Master like him.

But now, Xu Ran had done it.

The middle-aged man, who had harbored no hope before coming onto the stage, felt a sudden surge of unexpected joy.

At this moment, all the middle-aged man wanted to do was to express his gratitude by any means possible.

That’s right! A reward!

The middle-aged man, who had read the rules of the event earlier, finally remembered the rules for this event.

Without waiting for the host to come up and speak, the man walked straight to the reward box and, without any hesitation, took out all the Money he had on him and put it in.

“Um… this gentleman is a bit preemptive, I haven’t even introduced the rules yet…” The belated host chuckled awkwardly, then as he saw the amount displayed on the reward box, his voice shot up, “Starfire Foster Care Shop has received a reward of two million Yuan!”

Two million!

The surrounding area erupted in a moment of amazement over this unprecedented large sum of reward.

Even Xu Ran himself appeared quite surprised.

After all, this amount was much higher than the prices at his shop for Washing and Protection.

“Sir, you didn’t have to reward so much.”

“No, it’s a must!” The middle-aged man shook his head firmly, “Boss Xu, you have no idea how many methods I’ve tried in order to give the Exquisite Flower King a complete Wash and Protection.”

“This pinnacle state that it’s showing now, I’ve only seen it right after it had completed its evolution. It hasn’t shown such a state for many years.”

“So, you must accept this token of my appreciation!”

“This… well, then, thank you very much,” Xu Ran shook his head in resignation, “I really appreciate it.”

“It is I who should be thanking Boss Xu,” the middle-aged man chuckled, leading the reluctantly departing Exquisite Flower King off the stage.@@novelbin@@

After a moment of silence, the venue suddenly burst into an unprecedented cheer and applause.

Almost every spectator standing below the stage couldn’t help but applaud for the incredible Washing and Protection that Xu Ran had just performed.

Although the process was somewhat unorthodox, the young man’s skills in Washing and Protection had undoubtedly surpassed their expectations!

Before this event, everyone in Monster Wooden City held Mystical Wood Dew in the highest regard.

For those who were accustomed to collecting Mystical Wood Dew from the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood for their monthly Washing and Protection, this product of the Beast Emperor was undoubtedly the pinnacle of Washing and Protection.

Even though the Wash and Protection skills demonstrated by the various Foster Shops had been exquisite, matching the effects achieved by Mystical Wood Dew, the deeply ingrained notion had not disappeared from their minds.

Until Xu Ran made his move.

A Pet Beast that even Mystical Wood Dew couldn’t Wash and Protection was effortlessly cared for in his hands, its appearance improving by more than just a notch, looking as if it had been replaced with a completely different Pet Beast.

With such a miraculous scene unfolding before their eyes, even the most stubborn and outspoken of them had to admit that Xu Ran’s skills in Washing and Protection had indeed surpassed Mystical Wood Dew!

At that moment, everyone’s gaze towards Xu Ran became passionate.

The words “Starfire Foster Care Shop” were etched firmly in their minds.

Even the fourteen Foster Shop owners from other regions, who had been sitting and watching the competition, couldn’t help but rise to their feet and generously applaud Xu Ran.

One could say that Xu Ran’s actions not only built his own reputation but also vindicated Washing and Protection, hinting at the potential elevation of its status in Monster Wooden City!

In a corner of the event venue, a group of men and women stood out with their low spirits amidst the festive atmosphere.

Unlike the lively noise on and off stage, they were quiet, each with an uglier expression than the last.

“What do we do now?” After a long while, one of the local Foster Shop owners grunted and looked towards Liu Yu.

“What we thought was difficult, he solved effortlessly. Instead of slapping his face, it’s our faces that have been soundly slapped!”

“Exactly, they say you’re crafty, Liu Yu, but it seems that’s not really the case!”

“Enough!” Liu Yu took a deep breath, raised his voice sharply, his face full of shame and gloom, “Was this plan just my idea?”

Before coming here, didn’t all of you agree with this plan?”

“Did any of you think that a Pet Beast which even Mystical Wood Dew couldn’t Wash and Protection would be so easily taken care of by someone else?”

At Liu Yu’s retort, the others gradually closed their mouths.

Indeed!

Letting the Exquisite Flower King get Wash and Protection was a decision they had all agreed on.

It was a pity that they had all been so full of themselves, certain that they could thwart the plans of the outsiders, only to end up becoming their stumbling block.