Chapter 461: 273 Earth Raccoon'S Warning_3

Chapter 461: Chapter 273 Earth Raccoon’s Warning_3

On the other side, Xu Ran came up to the Combat Badger with a chuckle and patted its shoulder, “Your Beast Master is here to find you.”

“Chirp…”

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, the simple and honest look in the Combat Badger’s eyes slowly faded, replaced by a deepness that had never been seen before.

It glanced at Xu Ran, then lowered its head, visibly becoming dejected.

Xu Ran could easily tell from the Pleasure value feedback from the system.

“I heard you ran away from home,” Xu Ran said with a smile, speaking softly, “Now that he’s come to you, do you want to go home with him?”

Home…

The Combat Badger hesitated only for a moment before shaking its head resolutely.

“Understood,” Xu Ran stood up and dusted off his behind, “Then that’s what I’ll tell him.”

Noticing the concern in the Combat Badger’s eyes, Xu Ran’s expression became serene, “Just make yourself comfortable staying here.”

“However… after all, he is your Beast Master, and whatever conflicts you have between you need to be resolved. Running away is not a solution.”

After giving this reminder and seeing the Combat Badger looking thoughtful, Xu Ran turned and left, quickly returning to the store on the first floor.

“I’m sorry, but the Combat Badger does not want to leave with you,” Xu Ran spread his hands, “Please leave. Our shop will provide it with the best care, so don’t worry.”

“You can leave your contact information. If the Combat Badger wants to go back with you, I will contact you immediately.”

“You…” Kang Cheng, looking at Xu Ran returning alone, already had an ugly expression on his face, and it grew even more unsightly upon hearing these words.

Warily glancing at the three Pet Beasts beside Xu Ran, Kang Cheng left without saying a word and didn’t leave his contact details.

After stepping out of the store, he took a deep look at the sign of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Starfire Foster Care Shop, huh…

Forcing me apart from my Pet Beast and preventing us from seeing each other, I will definitely lodge a complaint with the Beast Master Association!

I don’t believe that the Association will sit idly by when such things happen!

—————–

“Alright, we can set out now.”

Watching Kang Cheng’s receding figure, Xu Ran shook his head slightly.@@novelbin@@

He always felt that he had gotten himself into a bit of trouble.

But it wasn’t a big problem.

Turning to look at the three little ones beside him, a smile spread across Xu Ran’s face.

“Alright, we can set out now.”

In the cheers of the three tiny beasts, one man and three beasts quickly closed the shop and embarked on their journey.

As the sun set in the west, the sky gradually dimmed.

This moment was the perfect time for Star to showcase its strength.

In its lightning-fast and silent progress, the trio swiftly crossed Monster Wooden City’s virtually undefended low city wall, entering the Monster Wooden Domain.

Leaving the city so effortlessly was quite a unique experience for Xu Ran.

And the fresh scent of grass that greeted him outside the city invigorated Xu Ran and once again made him aware of the differences between Monster Wooden Domain and other regions.

Although he didn’t go outside of Xieyun City, Xu Ran had been on the outskirts of Qingzhou City several times.

Outside Qingzhou City, it was desolate and dead.

The land there was littered with blood and bones from countless battles. Over time, even the soil turned a bloody dark purple.

On such blood-soaked earth, no vegetation could grow; only a bare expanse with occasional white bones and long-dead branches protruding.

Even the air outside the city carried a hint of blood that never quite dissipated.

And the nights outside the city were even more dangerous, fraught with peril.

Stepping into it, one was constantly afraid of being targetted by hunters.

Remembering the scenes outside Qingzhou City from memory, and then contrasting them with the quiet night before him, where only a few fireflies danced in the soft grass and low shrubs, Xu Ran’s face held even more of a pensive expression.

The scenery of the Monster Wooden Domain had a feeling of a utopia amidst the chaos of the world.

“Where did you hear that Thunderous Sound before?” Xu Ran asked, patting Cancan on its head.

“Chachacha!” (Let me see… over there!)

Cancan looked around, quickly found the markers it had left before, and pointed them out to Xu Ran.

“Let’s go!” Xu Ran patted Star on the back and spoke softly.

Indeed, it was a good opportunity to take a closer look inside the Monster Wooden Domain.

“Xi Lu~”

Star let out a neigh and started to gallop.

Feeling Xu Ran’s intentions, it deliberately slowed down a bit, maintaining a sufficiently fast pace while still allowing Xu Ran the luxury to look around and observe the Monster Wooden Domain under the cover of night.

This night, there were no lurking dangers, just tranquility.

On the road, they also encountered a group of night foxes out foraging. After exchanging nods from a distance, they left each other undisturbed, each going their separate ways.

Soon, they were halfway through their journey.

“Cha!” (We’re almost at the place where Star and I were last time!)

Finding more of the marks it had buried in the ground, Cancan’s expression became more certain.

Last time, Star and it had come to a location nearby!

“Alright,” Xu Ran nodded slightly, signaling Star to speed up.

In their swift advance, man and three beasts finally arrived at a Serene Valley.

This was where Cancan and Star had sensed the Thunderous Sound from deep underground and had returned from far away.