Chapter 460: 273 Earth Raccoon'S Warning_2

Chapter 460: Chapter 273 Earth Raccoon’s Warning_2

Taking a deep breath, the young man’s expression became more serious, “Let me introduce myself, my name is Kang Cheng, and I am the Beast Master of that Combat Badger.”

Xu Ran: “???”

Isn’t that Combat Badger a wild Transcendent Being?

“Wait a moment…” Xu Ran massaged his forehead, “You said you are its Beast Master? Then there should be a Beast Taming Contract between you two, right?”

“Of course, there is,” the young man quickly nodded.

“Then… why are you going around asking for the location of your own Pet Beast?” Xu Ran astutely pointed out the inconsistency.

“Not to mention the Contractual Sensing of the second stage already allows one to sense the general location of their Pet Beast, even if you couldn’t, can’t you just summon it back to your side?”

“This…” Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, Kang Cheng fell briefly silent, before speaking faintly, “But all of this requires the willingness of the Pet Beast to cooperate…”

Upon hearing this, Xu Ran was slightly startled, then he understood.

Beast Taming Contract between a Pet Beast and a human Beast Master is a kind of mutual and egalitarian bond.

Whether it’s the Pet Beast or the Beast Master, both can actively and temporarily shield this intrinsic sensing effect of the contract.

The summoning of a Pet Beast is likewise; it isn’t guaranteed that the Pet Beast will appear just because the Hexagram Star Array is activated. If the Pet Beast does not want to come, it can refuse, leading to a failed summoning.

However, neither of these two things had ever happened with the three little ones; or rather, most Beast Masters and their Pet Beasts do not encounter such situations.

If what the young man claiming to be the Combat Badger’s Beast Master was saying was true, then his relationship with the Combat Badger probably belonged to that kind of rare situation.

“Meow~” (He’s probably telling the truth.)

As Xu Ran was still determining whether to believe Kang Cheng’s words, Ziyun, who had been observing, suddenly spoke up.@@novelbin@@

“Xi Lu~” (Indeed.)

“Chirp!” (I believe him too.)

Star and Cancan also nodded together, showing their agreement.

Seeing such a reaction from the three little ones, Xu Ran couldn’t help but throw them an inquisitive glance.

Then, the three little ones took turns explaining some things Xu Ran did not know about.

It turns out, when the three little ones finished their training at noon, they had already encountered the Combat Badger.

Upon learning that they were someone’s Pet Beasts, it was very curious whether they had ever had conflicts with their owner, and inquired about some of the usual interactions between a person and their three pets.

If the Combat Badger were a wild Transcendent Being, this could be explained as the other party being curious about human Beast Masters.

But after Kang Cheng appeared, there seemed to be another explanation for everything.

Because Kang Cheng’s words corroborated with the Combat Badger’s behavior, that’s why the three little ones were so certain.

Moreover, the words of the three little ones also affirmed the situation in Xu Ran’s mind, which had previously harbored some doubts.

“Your Pet Beast is inside our shop.” Xu Ran said, looking back at Kang Cheng, whose expression was anxious yet filled with concern, and spoke without hesitation, his tone then shifted, “However… there are some things I need to tell you beforehand.”

“It paid for ten days’ worth of boarding fees on its own, and is currently in a boarding state at our establishment.”

“Where did it get the Money?” Kang Cheng dumbfounded, “It didn’t take any Money from home when it ran away, did it?”

“Um…” Xu Ran paused for a moment, “It paid with a piece of Transcendent Resources…”

“Was it a Power Source Stone?”

Before Xu Ran could finish speaking, Kang Cheng reacted swiftly and asked.

This also allowed Xu Ran to be completely sure that the other party truly was the Combat Badger’s Beast Master.

Because what the Combat Badger had handed over was indeed a Power Source Stone.

Thinking of this, Xu Ran nodded.

“This prodigal thing!” Kang Cheng couldn’t help but blurt out a complaint, “It’s just boarding for ten days; why would it need a Power Source Stone?”

After speaking, he raised his head and suddenly noticed the Price Menu hanging on the wall of Xu Ran’s shop and fell silent.

It seemed… the price for ten days of boarding really was the cost of a Power Source Stone?

“The boarding fees at your establishment are too expensive, aren’t they?” Kang Cheng frowned, “I’ll pay in cash, please refund me that Power Source Stone.”

“You don’t need to board it for ten days, I’ll take it away later, just count one day’s fee.”

Xu Ran fell silent for a moment, then spoke somberly, “Refunding the resource is no problem, but whether you can take it away or not is not for you to decide.”

“The Money was paid by the Combat Badger; it’s our shop’s customer. Even if you are its Beast Master, taking it away requires its own agreement.”

Xu Ran had already implicitly perceived a hint of the issue existing between the Beast Master and the Pet Beast, as Kang Cheng was more concerned about the boarding fee than being eager to see his runaway Pet Beast at first.

Therefore, he naturally couldn’t let him take away the Combat Badger lightly.

As Xu Ran had just mentioned, the customer this time was not Kang Cheng, but the Combat Badger.

“Hey, what are you doing!” Kang Cheng’s expression turned displeased, “I already told you I am its Beast Master, why does taking it away require its approval?”

“Sorry, but these are the rules of our shop,” Xu Ran gave the three little ones a look, then turned and walked towards the elevator to the second floor, “I’m going to ask now if it wishes to leave with you, please wait.”

“Stop right there!” Kang Cheng quickly followed after, but having barely taken a step, he was enshrouded by three intimidating presences, making it impossible for him to advance any further.

Looking at the three little ones eyeing him by his side, Kang Cheng awkwardly retracted his step.

—————–

“Combat Badger, I thought you were a wild Transcendent Being without a Beast Master!”