Chapter 468: 275: The Dragon'S Skeleton, Thunder Dragon Stone_2

Chapter 468: Chapter 275: The Dragon’s Skeleton, Thunder Dragon Stone_2

—————–

In the deep, dark depths underground, within a serene and spacious cavern, a figure covered in long fur, slightly rotund, and quite massive in size, sat casually on the ground.

It had a pair of strange, purple-black eyes that seemed as if, with just one gaze, could easily plunge a person into terrifying nightmares.

Around it surged an invisible yet immensely oppressive formidable power, belonging to a King Stage, even slightly surpassing it.

At this moment, in front of this powerful creature, there were four energy mirrors converging into being.

In the first mirror, a Thunder Beast with an indistinct shape was fighting with Ziyun, who, though small in stature, was covered in pitch-black thunder light.

Seeing the terrifying black power enshrouding Ziyun within the mirror, a majesty that even shook its soul was revealed, prompting a hint of caution in the eyes of the powerful creature.

During a reconnaissance just a moment ago, it had already vaguely sensed something extraordinary about this pet beast belonging to humans.

Was the full extent of its capabilities being displayed now in this nightmare?

With this thought, the powerful creature’s eyes filled with contemplation, and it turned its head to look at the second mirror,

Inside the second mirror, was Star, running with all his might, trying to catch up with his companion.

Seeing it completely immersed in the second layer of dreams, a faint smile of amusement and pride appeared in the eyes of the powerful creature.

However, this trace of amusement and pride vanished as its gaze shifted to the third mirror.

There, the powerful creature saw a terrifying giant beast, more than a kilometer in length, sprawled on the ground, sound asleep.

For a moment, those normally indifferent and mysterious purple-black eyes showed a hint of helplessness.

Indeed, dealing with such a carefree being was not its forte.

Despite using every ability it had, it failed to uncover this individual’s inner shadows and painful experiences.

Therefore, it could only forcibly detain it with dream power.

The purple-black eyes then shifted to the last mirror on the other side, where it looked into chaos within the mirror, its gaze filling with wariness and confusion.

For some reason, it was unable to see the nightmare of this human who should have fallen into its dream trap.

It seemed as though some more powerful force was blocking its probing.

At this thought, the powerful creature scratched its head with a somewhat helpless look, and its deep voice echoed in the cavern.

“Lulu~”

It turned its head towards the rock wall to its side.

On the other side of the wall surged a magnificent Thunderforce.

Additionally, the low thunderous sounds occasionally resounded, echoing through the entire cavern.

There lay something it must safeguard.

Even if the intruder was very strong this time, it had to…

“Looby~”

A slightly juvenile, cheerful voice echoed from far within the cavern, interrupting the powerful creature’s train of thought.

Warmth filled those purple-black eyes of the powerful creature.

It moved its gaze from the mirrors and looked towards the direction of the cavern’s upper passage.

Soon, a figure similar to it, but much smaller and rotunder, a little fuzzy ball, stepped by step came closer to the powerful creature.

“Looby~”

The little fuzzy ball’s forehead antennae moved, gently touching the body of the powerful creature.

This was their kind’s greeting, a sign of dependency.

“Lulu?”

Have you just fed the dream weaving silkworm?

The powerful creature lifted its large hand and stroked the little fuzzy ball’s head, the smile in its eyes becoming even richer.

“Looby!”

Yes! The silkworm silk we collected last time is all used up!

The little fuzzy ball nodded, its light purple eyes full of joy and anticipation, as though recalling something delightful.

“Looby?”

Would you be mad if I gave the dream weaving silkworm silk to humans?

“Lulu~”

It’s just some silkworm silk; as long as you’re happy, that’s what matters.

The powerful creature touched the little fuzzy ball’s forehead antennae with reassurance in its voice.

“Looby!”

That’s great!

The little fuzzy ball nodded in relief, the look of anticipation in its eyes growing more intense.

It had memorized the name and address of that shop.

Once it harvested new dream weaving silkworm silk, it would go there again for a wash!

Then, the little fuzzy ball noticed the mirrors in the air.@@novelbin@@

It was not unfamiliar with this ability of the powerful creature.

“Looby?”

Is there another intruder?

It looked carefully at the images within the mirrors and, recognizing Star and Cancan in the second and third mirrors, a look of surprise appeared on its face.

Eh?

Isn’t that…

It remembered, the day it entered the human city and, just before going up on stage for Washing and Protection on its own accord, the human called Xu Ran summoned two Pet Beasts to assist the one before it undergoing the process.

And those two Pet Beasts looked just like the ones right now in the mirrors.

An incredible guess dawned upon the little fuzzy ball.

Its light purple eyes couldn’t help but widen.

“Looby?!”

The intruders are them?!

“Lulu?”

You know them?

The powerful creature turned its head to look at the little fuzzy ball at its side, surprise in its purple-black eyes.

“Looby~”

I know them; previously, I…

The little fuzzy ball’s antennae on its head moved, and it quickly conveyed the details of its past interaction to the powerful creature beside it.

After hearing the little fuzzy ball’s account, the powerful creature’s eyes revealed a contemplative expression.