Chapter 462: 273 Earth Raccoon'S Warning_4

Chapter 462: Chapter 273 Earth Raccoon’s Warning_4

“`

“Then it’s all up to you now,” Xu Ran said, dropping Cancan to the ground.

Cancan nodded composedly and as it stepped forward, its body swiftly expanded with the wind, quickly returning to its original size of over three hundred meters, resembling a small mountain rising in a valley, a spectacular sight indeed.

It raised its head slightly as a tawny halo circulated around its body, its imposing aura climbing higher and higher while invisible fluctuations spread rapidly in all directions from its center.

Three Star Skill, Full Moon Level·Echoing of Earth Vein!

With the highest intensity of detection maxed out, Cancan once again perceived the thunderous sound from deep underground. Its massive head turned in a certain direction as its deep voice echoed through the valley.

“Chia~” (Over there!)

Having determined the exact location, Cancan shook and in a few breaths, returned to its one-meter petite body type, standing by Xu Ran’s side.@@novelbin@@

“Good,” Xu Ran nodded, looking in the direction that Cancan had just detected, “then we will…”

Before he could finish, he turned his head as if sensing something and then paused slightly.

Before his eyes, several naïve and adorable heads popped out from the ground.

This is…

Earth Raccoons?!

Seeing several Earth Raccoons that had just been washed and protected at his Foster Shop, Xu Ran was at a loss for words, “How come you’re here?”

“Luru~”

The fully emerged Ground Raccoon Clan Leader gave Xu Ran a peculiar glance.

You ask me?

I want to ask you the same thing!

Having just finished dinner, it had sensed such intense Earth attribute fluctuations near its habitat and naturally brought its tribe to check it out.

If it weren’t for the fact that the aura felt so familiar, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader would not have risked showing up with its tribe.

And after emerging to check, it too was filled with questions.

Why was the Foster Shop owner from the humans’ city here?

But… this was also a good opportunity.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader had always been grateful to Xu Ran for washing and protecting its tribe, and now that the latter had appeared in their habitat, it as the host must extend its hospitality!

“Luru~” (Come visit our habitat!)

“Luruluru!” (Yes, yes, yes!)

The other Earth Raccoons around cheerfully echoed the call.

Upon understanding the situation, Xu Ran couldn’t help but chuckle.

He hadn’t expected to stumble upon the territory of the Earth Raccoons.

He turned his head to look at Cancan, and with a thought prompted by Contractual Sensing, he inquired,

“The location you’re sensing now, it’s still the same one from before, right?”

“Chia~” (That’s right.)

With Cancan’s affirmative response, Xu Ran nodded slightly.

If that was the case, then there was no need to worry about any unexpected changes for the time being.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader had extended a cordial invitation, and he too was curious to see what the life of wild Transcendent Beings was like.

And… that thunderous sound from deep underground was nearby; as a tribe capable of burrowing, the Ground Raccoon Tribe couldn’t have been completely unaware of it.

Perhaps he could obtain some further information from the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader?

With a plan in mind, Xu Ran turned towards the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader and spoke with a smile.

“Then I thank you all for your invitation.”

—————–

A young-looking Earth Raccoon carried a bunch of Colorful Fruits that gleamed with colorful light, walking briskly towards the human and his three pets before dumping the fruits onto the soft grass before them.

After making a funny face at Xu Ran, the young Earth Raccoon picked up one of the fruits that had fallen on its way over, carelessly wiped it on itself, and then stood aside happily munching on it.

“Luru~” (These are our tribe’s favorite Colorful Fruits, you humans like them a lot too.)

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, sitting cross-legged near Xu Ran, introduced with a light in his eyes and a smile in his voice.

“I see them often.” Understanding the meaning, Xu Ran smiled, picked up a fruit, and popped it into his mouth.

With a “crunch,” the juice-filled and crisp sweet flesh entered Xu Ran’s mouth.

At the same time, the trace of Transcendent Power contained within was easily absorbed by Xu Ran.

This Extraordinary Plant called Colorful Fruit was also power-containing, but harmonious without any specific Attribute, having only a nourishing effect.

After consuming one, Xu Ran nodded in satisfaction and gave the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader a thumbs up.

The three little ones by his side also showed faces of surprise and contentment, obviously also conquered by the pretty looking fruits.

While enjoying the various delicacies shared by the Ground Raccoon Tribe, Xu Ran also laughed and chatted with the members of the tribe; although many of their communications required guessing and gesturing, the friendly atmosphere was not diminished because of it.

As the sky grew completely dark and a clear moon rose slowly, Xu Ran and the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader finally returned to the topic of Xu Ran’s purpose for coming.

“Luru?” (Did you come here for a reason?)

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader voiced out while gesturing, inquiring.

“Indeed, there is something,” Xu Ran nodded, making no attempt to hide the reason, “Cancan left to explore around the city previously and had reached near this area.”

“Chia~” (It was the day we met you guys.)

Cancan explained from the side.

Upon hearing Cancan’s explanation, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader immediately remembered.

That day, on their way back from Xu Ran’s Foster Shop, the tribe bumped into Cancan who was returning to the city.

If the other party had started from near their habitat, then everything made sense.

“Cancan discovered that there are special thunderous sounds coming from deep underground near here,” Xu Ran said, carefully watching the expression on the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader’s face change.

Sure enough, when the Clan Leader heard about the thunderous sound, his expression gradually became serious.

“We came today to take a look at what exactly is there,” Xu Ran smiled, looking at the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, “Do you have any idea what it could be?”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader was silent for a moment, then slowly began to speak.

“Luru~” (There, something very terrifying exists…)

“`