Chapter 476: 277: Beyond The Darkness, A New Village Blooms_2

Chapter 476: Chapter 277: Beyond the Darkness, a New Village Blooms_2

“Boss Xu, you run a foster shop, so you should also be aware of the Combat Badger’s habits,” the head work staff member spoke up at this moment. “Although this species is very brave in battle, they’re quite naive and silly in everyday life.”

“The Combat Badger was aware of its previous Beast Master’s wish. Back then, its only thought was to fulfill the other party’s desire.”

“Immersed in the pain of losing its Beast Master, the Combat Badger itself had no complaints about the contract.”

“This…” Xu Ran fell silent for a moment.@@novelbin@@

He could imagine that when the Association’s work staff made that decision, they must have hoped Kang Cheng could comfort the Combat Badger’s agony, allowing it to feel the love and warmth of a Beast Master, and lead it out of the shadows into a happy and joyful life again.

Unfortunately, it seemed the trust was misplaced.

Even at this moment, Xu Ran still had no idea what exactly happened between the Combat Badger and Kang Cheng, but it was clear Kang Cheng had not kept the promise he made when he took the Combat Badger from the Beast Master Association.

“Although it’s a bit presumptuous, Boss Xu…” The work staff member with reddening eyes paused for a moment, “Do you think we could go see the Combat Badger?”

“Sure, follow me.”

This time, Xu Ran didn’t mention anything about needing to seek the Combat Badger’s opinion. He promptly led the two work staff members into the elevator to the second floor.

Soon, the vast foster area appeared before the eyes of the two work staff members.

With wide eyes, they saw the only embellished area within the large foster grounds.

“That’s the Combat Badger’s living area in our shop,” Xu Ran pointed to the area where the Combat Badger resided and smiled, “It’s just a pity that the Combat Badger is currently the shop’s only foster pet beast; otherwise, it could go visit other residents and hang out.”

“Hiss… For a foster environment like this, how much does it cost?” The previously tearful work staff member couldn’t help but suck in a breath of cool air, momentarily pulling back from their sad emotions.

“I noticed just now that the Elite Stage seems to be 6666 Yuan a day,” the leading work staff member smiled, “With this cost-performance ratio, I even feel like fostering my own pet beast here.”

Seeing the Combat Badger living in such comfortable conditions, the two work staff members actually felt a sense of relief, and their tones naturally lightened up a bit.

“Our shop provides full care for any fostered pet beasts, and the Combat Badger is certainly no exception,” Xu Ran said with a smile, quickly approaching the Combat Badger that was sprawled out on a rockery, fast asleep. “Combat Badger, wake up.”

“Chirp?”

The Combat Badger lazily opened its eyes, seeming to notice for the first time that there were other people around, and slowly sat upright, looking towards Xu Ran.

Following that, its gaze settled on the work staff behind Xu Ran.

“It’s me! It’s been a long time,” the work staff member whose eyes had reddened now approached the Combat Badger with a brilliant smile, “Are you doing well now?”

“Chirp~”

The Combat Badger nodded contentedly.

With delicious food and a comfortable environment, nothing could be better!

“That’s good to hear,” The work staff member seemed very familiar, quickly climbing up the rockery to sit beside the Combat Badger, “Can you tell me what happened between you and Kang Cheng?”

As he spoke, a Hexagram Star Array shimmered to life behind the work staff member, and amidst the blowing wind, a pentagon-shaped pet beast floated out from the array.

Super ability Attribute Pet Beast, Star of Magic.

Xu Ran recognized the species of the pet beast at a glance, and his expression became knowing.

This species is one of the few within the Super ability Attribute clan that possesses Mind Induction, capable of the same ability as the Velvet Sparrow and can serve as a translator.

“Xu Zhou is our Association’s jack of all trades; he steps forward whenever communication with Transcendent Beings is necessary,” the leading work staff member next to Xu Ran said with a smile.

“May I ask, how should I address you?” Xu Ran asked while keeping an eye on the Combat Badger’s response.

“Zhou Rong,” the leading work staff member introduced himself.

The two men didn’t continue chatting, instead focusing more intently on Xu Zhou and the Combat Badger.

Assisted by the Star of Magic, the Combat Badger seemed to gradually open its heart, constantly uttering “chirp chirp” noises, telling Xu Zhou something.

And while Xu Zhou still maintained a reassuring smile on his face, a visible anger started to emerge in his eyes.

He had learned the specifics from the Combat Badger.

After jumping down from the rockery, Xu Zhou walked beside Zhou Rong, his smile disappearing completely, “Kang Cheng, what a character.”

“What exactly did Kang Cheng do?” Xu Ran asked curiously.

He was also quite curious about this.

Although Kang Cheng wasn’t the original owner of the Combat Badger,

what despicable acts could have been committed to make the Combat Badger run away from home, unwilling to respond to a summons?

“That guy Kang Cheng, every time he provided resources for the Combat Badger, he would dwell on the value of these resources, telling the Combat Badger how good he was to it and that it should repay him well in the future,” Xu Zhou said angrily.

“Such prolonged interactions placed a great psychological burden on the Combat Badger.”

“Living together with Kang Cheng, it felt guilty even for eating regular food resources and was hesitant to use too many resources for training.”