Chapter 479: 278: The Three Little Ones' Prepared Surprise

Chapter 479: Chapter 278: The Three Little Ones’ Prepared Surprise

“This place, is Demon Wooden City.”

In the empty Foster Shop, Xu Ran spread a large sheet of paper across the table and quickly drew a circle in the middle of it with a pen in hand.

“According to yesterday’s search, the resting place of the Dream Pursuer Apostle and the Thunder God Silent Dragon should be here.” Xu Ran stroked his chin and soon marked a spot on the paper outside of Demon Wooden City based on his memory from rushing through the area yesterday.

“Xi Lu~” (This position is to the southwest of Demon Wooden City.)

Star raised its head to look at the faint starlight emerging in the sky as the day grew dark outside the shop, quickly determining the spatial relationship between the position Xu Ran marked and Demon Wooden City.

“Meow…” (So, towards its southwest direction…)

A serious expression appeared on Ziyun’s face, and their gaze shifted southwest from the marked position, soon touching upon a faint line.

That was the boundary of the Monster Wooden Domain initially drawn by Xu Ran on the paper.

“If the place the Thunder God Silent Dragon looked at before its fall was truly the position of the Extinct Thunder Attraction, then it is very possible that the Extinct Thunder Attraction lies outside the Monster Wooden Domain.” Xu Ran’s face bore a complex expression.

The good news was there was new progress regarding the clue to the Extinct Thunder Attraction.

The bad news, however, was that the place where the Extinct Thunder Attraction might be located was likely full of danger.

The peace and tranquility outside Demon Wooden City existed only within the Monster Wooden Domain.@@novelbin@@

Stepping out of the Monster Wooden Domain and leaving the sphere of influence of the Beast Emperor Sky-reaching Xuanmu would mean that Xu Ran and the three little ones were about to enter the perilous Beast Field.

That kind of danger required cautious attention, even for them who had now reached the General level.

“Chya?” (How about we go check it out carefully?)

Cancan’s little heart couldn’t help but thump excitedly.

The heart of the once dormant explorer seemed to stir restlessly under the attraction of a new goal.

“No.” After a brief contemplation, Xu Ran unhesitantly rejected Cancan’s suggestion.

Seeing Cancan’s head droop in an instant, Xu Ran reached out and rubbed its head, “The area outside the Monster Wooden Domain is too dangerous. We’d need to make many preparations to go there, so we must plan slowly.”

“In the meantime, we have something more important to do, haven’t you forgotten?”

“Chya?” (More important things?)

Cancan tilted its head, a look of thought and curiosity appearing in its eyes.

“Xi Lu~” (It’s the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.)

Star let out a gentle neigh as a reminder.

In an instant, realization dawned on Cancan’s face.

That’s right! It almost forgot about that!

Counting the time, there were only about ten more days until the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes.

And if they went to explore the lands outside Demon Wooden City now, they would inevitably spread themselves thin and get tied up with numerous distractions.

“Meow~” (Let’s prepare for the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes first.)

Ziyun spoke softly, a more cautious look in its eyes.

Compared to the Extinct Thunder Attraction, which was still speculative, the Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes was obviously more important as it related to another Main Material for Evolution, the Extreme Source Vein Crystal.

After all, it was a clearer clue.

“Chya~” (Alright~)

Cancan shook its big head, suddenly becoming obedient.

Though playful, it knew how to prioritize things.

The Battle of Ten Thousand Tribes was clearly more important.

“Alright, today’s business is about to close.” Standing up, Xu Ran quickly closed the shop door, “Washing and Protection for the Dream Pursuer Apostle took up most of the afternoon.”

“Let’s go grab some food, and while we’re at it… check on Combat Badger’s condition.” A hint of a smile appeared in Xu Ran’s eyes, thinking of Combat Badger fostered on the second floor.

Having learned about its background, he couldn’t help but feel extra concern for Combat Badger.

Decided then, tonight he would treat it to a little extra during dinner.

“Meow?” (What’s with Combat Badger?)

Sensing something unusual from Xu Ran’s tone, Ziyun sprang up lightly onto Xu Ran’s shoulder and asked with curiosity.

“Hmm… that’s a long story.” Xu Ran smiled and began to recount the experiences of Combat Badger briefly to the three little ones as they entered the elevator to go up to the second floor.

By the time Xu Ran entered the Preparation Room to prepare food for Combat Badger and the three little ones, he had just finished telling the story of Combat Badger.

Stopping as usual outside the door to the Preparation Room, the three little ones watched Xu Ran slowly close the door, then glanced at each other.

“Chya~” (I seem to eat quite a lot too, don’t I?)

Cancan murmured to itself, a look of wistfulness on its face.

Since its birth, every meal it had was prepared by Xu Ran himself, who not only varied the flavors for it but also guaranteed nutrient-rich meals.

This made it grow accustomed to its current lifestyle and somewhat took it for granted.

Listening to how Combat Badger lived with Kang Cheng, it suddenly realized that consuming so much could possibly be quite a burden for Xu Ran.

“Meow~” (Yes, indeed.)

Ziyun nodded in agreement, memories of the past surfacing in its mind.

Initially, it was just an ordinary Stray Cat, scavenging for food in trash cans every day; being fed by kind people now and then was already a great happiness.

After meeting Xu Ran, being taken in by him, its diet improved drastically, first through nutritious Cat canned food, and as it awakened as a Transcendent Being, it then received various foods for Transcendent Beings.