Chapter 477: 277: Beyond The Darkness, A New Village Blooms_3

Chapter 477: Chapter 277: Beyond the Darkness, a New Village Blooms_3

“In the end, the Combat Badger felt that it was too terrible and chose to leave,”

“What?” After hearing the whole story, both Zhou Rong and Xu Ran’s faces showed expressions of disdain and anger.

Isn’t this the legendary PUA?

The Combat Badger had already experienced the grief of its first Beast Master’s death, and to encounter such harsh criticism from its second Beast Master was just too much.

For a moment, both of them felt a surge of righteous indignation.

“No wonder the Combat Badger, after coming to my foster shop, ate its food as if it hadn’t had a good meal in a long time,” Xu Ran said in a low voice, his gaze towards the Combat Badger filled with sympathy.

“Hmph! Having the Combat Badger stay by Kang Cheng is even worse than having it at Boss Xu’s foster shop!” Xu Zhou spoke resentfully. “Who acts like that as a Beast Master?”

“The Combat Badger helped him with so many Association tasks and made quite a bit of money, yet he still had to haggle over the daily expenses of the pet beast.”

The speaker was unintentional, but the listener was intentional.

Hearing Xu Zhou’s angry complaint, Zhou Rong’s eyes narrowed slightly, then he spoke in a low voice, “That might actually be an idea.”

“If it were a normal pet beast, the Association would have no right to forcefully demand that a Beast Master dissolve the contract with the pet beast, but the Combat Badger doesn’t fall into that category.”

“It was initially entrusted to Kang Cheng by the Association. Once it’s confirmed that Kang Cheng hasn’t treated it well, the Association has the right to make Kang Cheng give up the Combat Badger.”

At this point, Zhou Rong turned his head to look at Xu Ran, “Boss Xu, leave this matter to us. But if the Combat Badger really dissolves its contract with Kang Cheng, could your foster shop continue to take care of it?”

“Of course,” Xu Ran responded without hesitation. “Not only will we continue fostering, but it will also be free of charge.”

Xu Ran felt deeply sympathetic towards the Combat Badger’s experiences. If it truly dissolved its contract with Kang Cheng, he was willing to let it stay for free.

“There’s no need for it to be free,” Zhou Rong said with a slight smile. “How can the Beast Master Association take advantage of the citizens?”

“Don’t worry, the Combat Badger’s fostering costs will be recorded on the Association’s account.”

“Er… then I won’t be polite with the Association,” Xu Ran said sheepishly. “I hope you can truly accomplish this.”

“As for that, I am somewhat confident,” Zhou Rong replied, giving the Combat Badger one final glance before gesturing to Xu Zhou, “Let’s go. We have official business back at the Association.”

Xu Ran quickly walked ahead of the two, leading them back to the first floor.

“Um…” As he watched the two staff members about to leave the shop, Xu Ran suddenly remembered something and began to ask, “I wanted to ask if you know where I can obtain a map of the surrounding area?”

“A map?” The two paused, turning to Xu Ran before Zhou Rong took the initiative to ask, “What kind of map do you need, Boss Xu?”

“The broader the scope, the better, the more detailed, the better,” Xu Ran said without hesitation.

He had been planning to ask the Beast Master Association for a map to compare with the one he got from inside the Thunder Dragon Stone yesterday. Now that there were staff from the Association present, it was a good opportunity to inquire.

“The broader the scope, the better, the more detailed, the better…” Zhou Rong repeated Xu Ran’s words, looking a bit perplexed.

That request… it felt as if it said something yet nothing at all.

“I happen to have a detailed map of the entire Monster Wooden Domain,” Zhou Rong said after thinking it over, taking out a folded map from his chest and handing it to Xu Ran, “Consider it an apology for intruding today. This is for you, Boss Xu.”

“I hope it can be of help to you.”

“That’s very kind of you, thank you, Mr. Zhou Rong!” Xu Ran’s eyes lit up as he carefully took the map, and after seeing the two off, he quickly unfolded it.

A map that included Xieyun City and the entire Monster Wooden Domain appeared before Xu Ran. The map was quite detailed, even delineating the habitats of wild Transcendent Beings precisely.

If the location on the piece of paper he had acquired yesterday was indeed within the Monster Wooden Domain, Xu Ran was sure he could find it!

Feeling exhilarated, Xu Ran began to carefully compare the lines etched deep in his memory with the map in his hand.

But soon, Xu Ran’s excitement turned to bewilderment and disappointment.

There was nothing.

He compared the entire map three times over and didn’t find any area that matched the piece of paper from the previous night that might be a map of the Extinct Thunder Attraction.

Could it be… his speculation was wrong?

Touching his chin, curiosity crept onto Xu Ran’s face.

Either the paper was not a map but something else entirely, or it was indeed a map, but the corresponding location was not nearby.

Either possibility meant that the clue to the Extinct Thunder Attraction was slipping further away from them.

Finding it just became more difficult.

Thinking of the three little ones in training, Xu Ran sighed softly to himself.

Forget it, it’s best not to tell them about this for now, especially Ziyun.

This little guy stayed up all night yesterday because of the clue to the Extinct Thunder Attraction.@@novelbin@@

Silently putting away the map in the deepest part of the drawer behind the counter, Xu Ran composed himself and reopened the shop door.

With the first customer entering, the business at Starfire Foster Care Shop, though late, had begun.

With the bustling trade, time always passed quickly,

and before Xu Ran realized it, it was already the afternoon.

The three little ones, having completed their training, were lazily sprawled around on the first floor, keeping Xu Ran company.