Chapter 472: 276: The Special Thunder Dragon Stone, The Entity Within!_2

Chapter 472: Chapter 276: The Special Thunder Dragon Stone, The Entity Within!_2

But…

It still felt that the Thunder Dragon Stone it had chosen was not bad.

Just like how it had once been an ordinary one among a group of extraordinary ponies, perhaps this Thunder Dragon Stone was also a dust-covered gem?

“Meow~” (Let me see~)

Ziyun gently placed its paw on the cool surface of the Thunder Dragon Stone, then slowly infused its own Thunderforce into it, attempting to resonate with the power of the Thunder Dragon Stone itself.

However, the next moment, its expression became slightly stunned.

The sliver of Thunderforce it had infused into the stone was like encountering the gaping maw of an abyss, instantly absorbed by the Thunder Dragon Stone.

This…

What’s going on?!

Ziyun, somewhat incredulous, infused even more power, but the Thunder Dragon Stone in front of it seemed extremely hungry, greedily absorbing all the power it injected.

At this, a competitive glint unavoidably flashed in Ziyun’s eyes.

Streaks of electricity shot out from its body, piercing through the void before precisely targeting the Thunder Dragon Stone in front of it under Ziyun’s control.

You like to eat it, huh?

I’ll let you have your fill!

Seeing Ziyun’s actions, Xu Ran and the other two little ones also showed surprised expressions on their faces.

What’s the situation here?

The next moment, their surprise turned to astonishment.

Because faced with this powerful blast of Thunder Attribute attack, the Thunder Dragon Stone completely absorbed it, without allowing any of it to escape.

“This…” Xu Ran touched his chin, his face taking on a thoughtful look, “Ziyun, how will you choose?”

“Meow~” (Let me think…)

Ziyun looked at its own piece, then glanced at the one Star had chosen, its face showing hesitation.

It was obvious that the Thunder Dragon Stone Star had chosen was not simple.

But compared to a normal Thunder Dragon Stone, it was unknown.

If they took it back only to find it was not as good as the one they had chosen, that would be a great loss.

On the other hand, if they found it to be better after bringing it back, that would be a massive win.

After pondering for a moment, Ziyun gritted its teeth.

Being a gambler, so be it.

I’m in!

“Meow!” (I choose this one!)

As it spoke, Ziyun placed its paw on the Thunder Dragon Stone that Star had chosen.

“Xi Lu~” (Good!)

A smile flashed in Star’s eyes.

Though not knowing why Ziyun changed its mind.

But being confident in its own judgment, it felt very happy.

“Since a choice has been made, let’s return to the Guardian,” Xu Ran said with a smile, picking up the Thunder Dragon Stone chosen by Ziyun, and headed with the three little ones towards the entrance of the cave.

Before long, they saw the Guardian waiting calmly at the entrance of the cave.

“Lulu?”

(You’ve chosen this Thunder Dragon Stone?)

Upon arriving, the Guardian scrutinized the Thunder Dragon Stone, a hint of confusion in its deep black eyes.

It was very familiar with this cave.

But it had never seen this particular Thunder Dragon Stone before.

“Lulu?”

(Where did you find this Thunder Dragon Stone?)

“Xi Lu~” (It was in a corner inside the cave…)

Star neighed, describing where it had found the stone.

The Guardian pondered for a moment and then shook its head slightly.

It remembered the place described by Star and had not discovered this Thunder Dragon Stone there.

If nothing was amiss, it was probably an unformed Thunder Dragon Stone.

This human and his three Pet Beasts really knew how to choose; among all the high-quality Thunder Dragon Stones in the cave, they had actually selected such a piece.

“Lulu~”

(Are you sure you want to choose it?)

The Guardian couldn’t help but ask again.

“Meow!” (Certain!)

Ziyun spoke firmly.

Having made a choice, stick to it till the end!

“Lulu~”

(In that case, follow me.)

The Guardian nodded slightly and walked towards another area.

Before the human and his three Pet Beasts had chosen their Thunder Dragon Stone, the Guardian had already decided that if the stone they chose was too inferior, it would give them one of its treasured stones as a gift and make friends.

The stone they had now chosen couldn’t even be described as inferior.

So…

Expertly, the Guardian reached into the rock wall and soon pulled out a small piece of amethyst-colored crystal and handed it over to the human and his three beasts.

“Lulu~”

(This one is for you as well.)

“Meow?!” (This…)

Seeing that Thunder Dragon Stone, Ziyun suddenly widened its eyes.

In the Guardian’s hands, this Thunder Dragon Stone was much smaller than those in the cave, only about thirty centimeters in length and quite miniature in appearance.

But within such a small Thunder Dragon Stone, there lurked an almost complete golden Dragon-shaped Thunder.

This streak of Thunder was much larger than the one Ziyun had chosen moments ago, almost filling the entire crystal!@@novelbin@@

There were stones like this?!

Not only was Ziyun taken aback, but Xu Ran and the other two little ones also showed the same surprised expressions when they saw the Thunder Dragon Stone nearly dyed amethyst by the golden Thunderbolt.

Seeing the expressions on the human and three beasts, a hint of amusement appeared in the Guardian’s eyes.

“Lulu…”

(The growth of a Thunder Dragon Stone follows a pattern…)

As the Guardian narrated, the human and three beasts’ faces revealed a dawning understanding.

It turned out that the Thunder Dragon Stones continuously absorbed the power from the Thunder God Silent Dragon residing in the cave to grow.

Initially, they would expand in size with the increase in power, the purple crystal part growing larger, and the power of the golden Dragon-shaped Thunder inside would also strengthen.