Chapter 474: 276: The Special Thunder Dragon Stone, The Thing Within The Stone!_4

Chapter 474: Chapter 276: The Special Thunder Dragon Stone, The Thing within the Stone!_4

“Meow~” (I’m coming!)

Ziyun slightly raised her paw, flicked out her sharp, blade-like claws, and slowly approached the Thunder Dragon Stone.

Xu Ran and the other two small ones widened their eyes, held their breath in unison, and waited for Ziyun’s next move.

The next instant, Ziyun’s sharp claw slashed at the side of the Thunder Dragon Stone!

“Crack~”

Accompanied by a crisp sound, cracks quickly surfaced on the amethyst exterior, followed by the entire crystal pillar shattering, turning into a pile of broken debris.

The crystal, effortlessly absorbing Ziyun’s previous ferocious Thunderforce, could not withstand the physical cutting force.

The gazes of one man and three Pet Beasts passed over the debris, simultaneously fixating on a small cluster amidst the remains that seemed somewhat unusual.

“This looks like… a wadded-up piece of paper?” Xu Ran said with an uncertain tone.

“Meow~” (Let me see…)

Ziyun carefully lifted her paw and teased out the clump of material from the debris of the amethyst.

Following that, an expression of surprise appeared on her face.

Touching it, she once again felt that familiar sensation of absorbing her Thunder Attribute power.

So… was it this clump that had been absorbing her power before?

Then…

A guess and understanding sparked in Ziyun’s eyes.

Could there be a possibility…

That the Thunder Dragon Stone was originally normal, but because it contained this cluster that could absorb Thunder Attribute power, its own power was drained?

With this thought, Ziyun became even more cautious, slowly unfolding the clump of material.

As Xu Ran had guessed before, it was indeed a wadded-up piece of paper.

And on this paper, there were some strange lines and a special pattern.

“Meow?” (What is this?)

After looking at the paper, Ziyun could not help but reveal a puzzled expression on her face.

She couldn’t decipher any useful information from the paper.

Could it be… this is just a special piece of paper that can absorb Thunder Attribute power?

Didn’t she just make a losing bet?!@@novelbin@@

“Let me have a look.” Noticing the frustrated look mixed with confusion on Ziyun’s face, Xu Ran took the paper and examined it closely.

His expression then subtly changed.

What first caught his attention was the peculiar pattern on the paper, that looked like a Rune etched by thunderbolts.

This pattern…

In Xu Ran’s mind, some information he had researched suddenly surfaced.

Ziyun, to evolve into an Emperor Species, required the Main Material for Evolution, with the top item being a resource called Extinct Thunder Attraction.

This resource was not available for exchange at the Beast Master Association in Xieyun City.

Even its related information was quite scarce.

The only thing Xu Ran knew so far was that it was a miraculous Rune formed from the solidified convergence of natural Thunderforces, capable of summoning the thunderbolts of extinct creatures.

Rune…

Thinking of this, Xu Ran’s expression became slightly different when he looked at the pattern on the paper again.

It couldn’t be… such a coincidence, could it?

“Ziyun, this thing might be related to the Extinct Thunder Attraction.”

“Meow… Meow?!” (That’s Extinct Thunder… What are you saying?!)

Ziyun abruptly widened her eyes, staring intently at the paper in Xu Ran’s hands.

Extinct Thunder Attraction!

This was arguably the most important Main Material for her evolution into the Emperor Stage.

And it was the only Main Material for which the one man and three Pet Beasts had no leads.

This paper actually contained a clue to it?!

At that moment, the loss in Ziyun’s eyes disappeared instantly.

The bets surged!

This round was a victory for the gamblers!

“Quack?” (So, what does it have to do with the Extinct Thunder Attraction?)

Next to him, Cancan leaned over, peeking with curiosity and posed the question.

“Xi Lu~” (I think this might be a map.)

Star issued a neigh, expressing its opinion.

“A map…” Xu Ran glanced again at the lines drawn on the paper beyond the patterns, “Indeed, these lines do resemble boundary lines on a map.”

“But…” Xu Ran’s face showed a touch of helplessness, “the world is so vast, it won’t be easy to find the corresponding place.”

After all, there were only lines, no words whatsoever.

Star furrowed its brow in thought, then suddenly asked out loud.

“Xi Lu?” (Is there a chance that the location isn’t far from us?)

It recalled the place where it had found the paper. It was exactly at the location where the Overlord stage Thunder God Silent Dragon had fallen, facing upward.

And the position in which the Thunder God Silent Dragon had fallen seemed to hold a hint of reluctance and longing.

Thus, the paper could potentially be something left behind by it.

It might have always been buried in a corner of the cave, unnoticed by the Guardian, only to be accidentally embedded into a newly-born Thunder Dragon Stone, betraying its presence.

As Evolution Resources for Emperor Species, the Extinct Thunder Attraction naturally ranked very high, at least at the Overlord stage, and possibly even at the Emperor stage.

Such resources might be something that the other party also wished to obtain.

In this case, could the resource be not far from the Thunder God Silent Dragon, maybe it did not have the chance to search before its untimely fall?

Or perhaps… the fall of the Thunder God Silent Dragon was related to the Extinct Thunder Attraction?

In that moment, Star, as if possessed by a detective, deduced many possibilities instantly.

Upon hearing Star’s speculation, Xu Ran and the other two little ones were dumbfounded.

Could it really be so?

But, they had to admit, Star’s speculation at the moment was highly plausible.

Perhaps… possibly… probably…

The Extinct Thunder Attraction was indeed not far from Monster Wooden City?!

With this thought, the human and three Pet Beasts looked at each other, seeing the excitement clearly in each other’s eyes.

“Mew!” (We must find it!)

Ziyun shouted excitedly, raising its claw with determination.

Finding the Extinct Thunder Attraction could be said to complete 20% of its own evolution progress!

“Tomorrow, I might need to check with the Beast Master Association in Monster Wooden City,” Xu Ran carefully stored the paper, his face brimming with a smile. “They should have the most detailed map of the nearby area.”

“We’ll compare the detailed map with this paper, and if the Extinct Thunder Attraction really is nearby, we should be able to find it.”

“Let’s hope everything goes smoothly,” Xu Ran took a deep breath, then sat cross-legged on the bed, “I’ll continue with my meditation, you all get some rest.”

Seeing Xu Ran quickly close his eyes and fall into a deep meditation, the three little ones glanced at each other.

Rest?

How could they rest after such an event?

That night, they probably couldn’t sleep!

No words were exchanged that night, and morning arrived quickly.

Something happened that Xu Ran did not expect.

Before he even went to the Beast Master Association in Monster Wooden City to inquire about the local maps, the Beast Master Association from Monster Wooden City already came looking for him.

Early in the morning, two stern-looking Beast Masters, dressed in the Association’s staff uniforms, stood in front of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

As Starfire Foster Shop opened its doors for business, they walked in side by side, stopping in front of Xu Ran.

“Good morning, Mr. Xu Ran,” one of the staff members showed his credentials and then spoke politely, “I am an employee at the Daily Dispute Resolution Center of the Monster Wooden City Beast Master Association.”

“Someone has complained that your shop has maliciously detained his Pet Beast, preventing him from seeing it, and we need to understand and inquire about this matter.”

“We hope you will cooperate.”