Chapter 487 - 280: Xu Ran’S Special Training Method

Chapter 487: Chapter 280: Xu Ran’s Special Training Method

“I understand your request,”

Standing in an Earth attribute Training Area within a valley, Xu Ran looked calmly at the young man in front of him and his Pet Beast.

Although the young man wanted his Healing Mushroom to train the One Star skill Vine Slash, this wasn’t his fundamental goal.

What the young man really wanted was to rectify the special ambitions of his off-concept Pet Beast and bring it back to the essence of a Healing Pet Beast.

However, to achieve this, it was necessary to upgrade its only offensive skill to Waning Moon Level. As such, the Healing Mushroom, currently at the Transcendent Stage, would not be able to enhance the skill further.

With its spare energy, the Healing Mushroom would have no choice but to upgrade the other Four stars Skills, indirectly achieving the young man’s objective.

Thinking this way, Xu Ran glanced at the Healing Mushroom that was occasionally slashing at the empty air with its sprout-like arms, looking particularly eager to fight.

If he remembered correctly, this species was usually friendly and kind-hearted. A belligerent Healing Mushroom like this one had never been heard of by him, let alone seen until today.

“Yeah! As long as you understand,” the young man sighed in relief, “then please enhance the Vine Slash of the Healing Mushroom to Waning Moon Level as soon as possible.”

“No, according to what you’ve described, the Healing Mushroom should not be training Vine Slash, but rather its other Four stars Skills,” Xu Ran said with a slight smile.

“I know that too, but it doesn’t want to train,” the young man said with a headache, spreading his hands helplessly.

“No worries, it may not want to train elsewhere, but that doesn’t mean it won’t want to here,” Xu Ran paused briefly, “Just a moment.”

He turned and walked towards the training equipment room and quickly brought out a Fighter Model about one meter tall, looking extremely agile as if made for combat.

It held a spear in its hands, its expression slightly unruly, and even standing there quietly, it seemed to exude an indomitable, all-powerful aura.

“So cool!” The young man’s eyes lit up at just one glance.

Being able to contract a Healing Mushroom as his first Pet Beast indicated that he wasn’t particularly enthusiastic about combat.

Nevertheless, at the sight of the Fighter Model, he couldn’t help getting a surge of adrenaline.

The young man felt this way, not to mention the Healing Mushroom, which seemed eager to fight at any moment.

After circling the Fighter Model Xu Ran placed on the ground a few times, the Healing Mushroom’s brown-green eyes shone continually, its face showing an excited expression.

“What is this model?” the young man couldn’t help but ask.

“Rather than a model, it has a more appropriate name,” Xu Ran said with a smile, “This is a custom Accompanying Training Puppet.”

“Accompanying Training Puppet?” The young man was taken aback, then quickly grasped the purpose of this cool-looking puppet, “So, you want the Healing Mushroom to fight with it?”

As he asked this question, a tinge of disappointment surged in the young man’s heart.

After all, before Xu Ran brought it out, he had said that the Healing Mushroom could directly train its other Four stars Skills.

Now it seemed… the training was still for Vine Slash…

Although the training method was a bit special, that was it.

Such a thought involuntarily crossed the young man’s mind.@@novelbin@@

Guessing the young man’s thoughts from the slight change in his expression, the smile on Xu Ran’s face became a bit more peculiar, “I haven’t asked for your name yet?”

“I am Du Tan.”

“Alright, Du Tan, to understand the specific way of training, let the Healing Mushroom fight with it, and you will see,” Xu Ran said as he tapped the Accompanying Training Puppet, which quickly came to life as if infused with a soul.

Already emanating a strong aura standing still, once it moved, it was incredible. The casual wielding of its spear stirred a sense of exhilaration.

“Goo~”

The Healing Mushroom, also overhearing the exchange between its owner and the Beast Master, had its eyes gleaming and quickly positioned itself in front of the puppet.

Regardless of whatever scheme or trick Xu Ran had in mind to make it train skills it did not wish to, it just wanted to go all out against the puppet before it!

The Puppet’s eyes flickered with a red glow, sensing the Healing Mushroom’s momentum and will to fight, quickly locked onto it, then the spear danced a flourish in the air, pointing obliquely at the Healing Mushroom in a challenge.

“Goo!”

The Healing Mushroom let out a low roar, its sprout-like hands swiftly elongated, and its tips and edges became sharp, resembling a pair of long swords. Each swipe through the air produced a sharp swishing sound.

One Star Skill, Starlight Level·Vine Slash!

Indeed, nearing Waning Moon Level Proficiency, even as a One Star skill, Vine Slash was not inferior to ordinary Two stars Skills in the hands of the Healing Mushroom.

Clearly, it must have gone through considerable training to reach this stage.

“Now, let the battle begin!” Xu Ran shouted, simultaneously pulling Du Tan a few steps back, clearing space for the fight.

At this moment, Du Tan no longer held much hope that Xu Ran would directly train the other Four stars Skills.

The current setup very much looked like they were going to train Vine Slash.

But, Vine Slash it was then.

Thinking about the Accompanying Training Services he had used before, which could only help the Healing Mushroom train Vine Slash, it didn’t matter where the training took place, so Du Tan became indifferent.

Still, he couldn’t help but inwardly criticize Li Tutu for being unreliable.