Chapter 480: 278: The Three Little Ones' Prepared Surprise_2

Chapter 480: Chapter 278: The Three Little Ones’ Prepared Surprise_2

By the time Xu Ran began fostering other Pet Beasts, its meals were upgraded yet again.

One could say that meeting Xu Ran marked the beginning of its blissful life.

“Xi Lu~” (We should also do something more for Xu Ran.)

Star whinnied softly, its eyes filling with emotion.

Xu Ran had done so much for the three of them, even enduring humiliation and bearing the burden of washing and caring for other pets while being labeled as “unprofessional”…

It was time to repay Xu Ran!

“Cha!” (I have an idea!)

Cancan blinked its eyes, quickly coming up with a plan.

It stealthily glanced at the still-closed door of the Preparation Room, then huddled close to Ziyun and Star, whispering something to them.

As Ziyun and Star listened, their expressions gradually turned expectant.

This sounded… like a great idea!

“What are the three of you chatting about?” Xu Ran, pushing a food cart out of the Preparation Room, saw this and asked with a smile.

The three little ones quickly dispersed in an understanding manner, shaking their heads to indicate nothing was amiss.

“Alright then.”

Watching the secretive trio, Xu Ran smiled unconcernedly and then rang the bell on top of the food cart, which echoed crisply throughout the Foster area.

Soon, the Combat Badger hurried over to Xu Ran with a light step.

It seemed that the morning’s exchange hadn’t affected it in the slightest.

It was still the same carefree and simple-minded creature.

“Combat Badger, try this,” Xu Ran said with a smile, handing the food bowl to the Combat Badger, “I’ve got a new flavor for you today.”

“Ji?”

Curiosity filled the Combat Badger’s eyes as it carefully took the bowl, sniffed it, and then its eyes lit up with excitement.

With its keen sense of smell, it detected a faint fishy aroma; there was fish added to tonight’s meal!

This was a new flavor it had never tasted before!

It quickly placed the bowl on the ground, scooped up some with its paw, and rapidly popped it into its mouth.

“Aowu!”

Accompanied by a soft chewing noise, the Combat Badger’s eyes brimmed with happiness.

This completely new and delightful flavor had it utterly enchanted.

Seeing the Combat Badger’s joyful demeanor, joy twinkled in Xu Ran’s eyes as well.

Xu Ran had specifically added a Transcendent Being called the Miao Dragon Fish for it, known for its delicious taste, tender flesh, and nutritious and tasty meat.

However, it was beyond the meal standard for Elite Stage Pet Beasts and normally wouldn’t show up in their food ingredients.

But then again, who could resist when the Combat Badger was so adorable?

“Let’s eat too.” Watching the Combat Badger enjoy its meal, the already hungry Xu Ran and the three pets felt even hungrier.

Xu Ran took out the food prepared for the three little ones, then took out the two dishes and a soup with rice he had conveniently prepared for himself from the bottom of the food cart, and placed it on the top layer of the cart. He then unfolded a small folding chair.

In an instant, the food cart turned into a dining table.

In a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere, Xu Ran, the three pets, and the Combat Badger quickly finished their dinner.

“Combat Badger.” While cleaning up the cutlery, Xu Ran suddenly thought of something and called out to the Combat Badger as it was about to turn away.

“Ji?”

The Combat Badger looked back, its small eyes curiously gazing at Xu Ran.

“Have you ever considered leaving your current Beast Master?” Xu Ran weighed his words before asking.

Zhou Rong and Xu Zhou made their decision when the Combat Badger wasn’t there.

Thus, it probably didn’t know yet that two staff members from the Beast Master Association were making efforts to help it be released from the Beast Taming Contract.

“Ji?”

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, the Combat Badger appeared momentarily stunned.

After a brief silence and contemplation, it nodded slightly, then shook its head.

Kang Cheng wasn’t exactly kind to it.

But if it left Kang Cheng, where else could it go?

It would just be contracted by another Beast Master.

And it didn’t want to adapt to a third Beast Master.

Never mind, let it be.@@novelbin@@

Once the ten days of fostering here were over, it would return to Kang Cheng’s side.

With this in mind, the Combat Badger looked a little listless, turning and heading toward its comfortable living area.

The more it thought, the more it realized it needed to cherish these few days.

With a full stomach, it was time to sleep, sleep, sleep!

“You don’t want to?” Seeing the Combat Badger’s head-shaking and turning away, Xu Ran misunderstood its reaction, a look of surprise crossing his face, “If that’s the case, I better tell Zhou Rong and Xu Zhou quickly so they don’t need to find ways to release you from the contract.”

“Originally, they were planning for you to continue staying here, with the costs covered by the Beast Master Association.”

The Combat Badger’s steps paused slightly.

Then, its body, which seemed a bit sluggish, suddenly seemed as if it was about to blur into an afterimage, as it quickly approached Xu Ran, its eyes filled with excitement and exhilaration.

“Ji?!”

Was this human telling the truth?

After leaving Kang Cheng, it wouldn’t have a new Beast Master?

Not only that, but it could also stay here permanently?

Thinking about the comfortable environment and delicious food of Starfire Foster Care Shop, the Combat Badger couldn’t help but swallow its saliva, its face showing a look of temptation.

If it’s about that, then I’m not sleepy at all, aow!

“It seems you do want to.” Xu Ran chuckled, realizing that the Combat Badger might have misunderstood him earlier, “You should rest early. I hope the two association staff will bring good news soon.”

“Ji!”

The Combat Badger nodded emphatically, watching Xu Ran and the three little ones leave before turning back to its living area.