Chapter 484 - 279: Xu Ran'S Targeted Sparring Partner_2

Chapter 484: Chapter 279: Xu Ran’s Targeted Sparring Partner_2

“The foster environment at Starfire Foster Shop has also been approved by the Association, and from now on, the Association will officially entrust the Combat Badger to Starfire Foster Shop.”

“Alright, no problem.” Xu Ran nodded without hesitation, “Yesterday, I had already asked for the Combat Badger’s opinion, and it is willing to continue living here after the dissolution of the contract.”

“If I were it, I’d be willing too.” Zhou Rong cracked a small joke before following Xu Ran and Xu Zhou towards the foster area on the second floor under Xu Ran’s lead.

Knowing that Zhou Rong and Xu Zhou had come to take it to dissolve the contract, the Combat Badger also seemed quite exceptional.

It cooperated with the two staff members as they walked out of the shop and then looked back at Starfire Foster Shop reluctantly.

Once the contract was officially dissolved, it would come back!

The two men and their pet Beast walked to an open space near the Starfire Foster Shop, where Zhou Rong summoned a giant eagle with a wingspan of about ten meters to take Xu Zhou and the Combat Badger in the direction of the Beast Master Association in Monster Wooden City.

On the swift flight of the giant eagle, it only took a few breaths before the Association appeared before them.

“Let’s go, inside.” Zhou Rong glanced at the time, his expression turned more serious, “Kang Cheng has already arrived at the Association.”

“Chi~”

The simple and foolish expression that the Combat Badger always had on its face now gradually faded away, replaced by a more human touch of concern and worry.

Facing the Beast Master who would soon dissolve the contract with it, this was indeed not something it could be happy about.

The two men and the Combat Badger reached the door of a special chamber within the Association. Before they even entered, they heard Kang Cheng’s angry voice coming from inside.

“Why? The Pet Beast that has contracted with me, the Association says it will be dissolved just like that?”

Upon hearing this voice, the duo and their Beast paused in unison in their movements to enter.

It was clear that Kang Cheng was resisting the decision of the Association.@@novelbin@@

Indistinct voices of staff members trying to counsel and persuade could be heard from inside, but their efforts did not seem to have the desired effect.

Kang Cheng’s voice was still angry.

“Pampered with good food every day, how have I been bad to the Combat Badger? It’s been deceived, I’ve always said there’s something wrong with that shop!”

“You don’t investigate that shop but instead force me to dissolve the contract?”

Hearing such words, the Combat Badger standing outside the door bowed its head in silence, its previously good mood seemingly swept away in an instant.

The expressions on Xu Zhou and Zhou Rong’s faces also turned somewhat grim.

“Hmph! Unrepentant!” Xu Zhou snorted softly and pushed the door open.

Inside, Kang Cheng was confronting the staff members, his face red with emotion, and he now appeared before them.

At the sound of the door, Kang Cheng turned instinctively, and upon seeing the Combat Badger standing outside, he suddenly perked up, stepped forward quickly, and raised his voice, “Combat Badger, tell them, have I been bad to you?”

“Pet Beast food, all kinds of resources, which one didn’t I get for you whenever you wanted?”

“Where will you find a Beast Master like me?”

“Tell them you were tricked, that it wasn’t really your choice to dissolve the contract, right?”

Watching Kang Cheng’s eager expression, tinged with a hint of appeasement, the Combat Badger silently took a small step back.

Noticing the Combat Badger’s movement, Kang Cheng’s expression stiffened slightly.

“It asks, you give?” Xu Zhou couldn’t help but snort, “Then may I ask, has the Combat Badger ever asked for any resources?”

“No.” Kang Cheng shook his head instinctively, then hurriedly started defending himself, “It never asked me for resources, how can that be my fault? If it did ask, I would certainly find a way to provide.”

“Absurd!” Zhou Rong’s face darkened, “Excessively flaunting your kindness to the Combat Badger, constantly reminding it to repay you—such a high-pressure, suffocating environment is the real reason the Combat Badger did not want to ask you for any resources.”

“Pet Beasts are the foundation of a Beast Master’s strength. Enhancing Pet Beasts and providing them with necessary resources is a Beast Master’s duty. That is not a favor you are providing the Combat Badger, and it is certainly not a reason to oppress it with words!”

“If this is your attitude towards the Combat Badger, then you do not deserve to be its Beast Master, and the Association’s decision to dissolve the contract will not change!”

“You…” Hearing Zhou Rong’s scolding, Kang Cheng’s complexion shifted subtly, “I don’t care; I absolutely won’t agree to the contract dissolution!”

“As long as I don’t agree, the dissolution ritual can’t proceed, can it?”

Hearing Kang Cheng’s words, a hint of bemusement appeared in the eyes of the staff members present.

“Perhaps the ritual for dissolving contracts is so rarely used and obscure that many people are not familiar with it.” Xu Zhou suddenly chuckled, “So, before the ritual takes place, I need to clarify some things for you.”

“To dissolve a contract, it’s not required that both the Pet Beast and the Beast Master agree.” Xu Zhou continued solemnly, as Kang Cheng’s expression changed rapidly, “Just one party’s consent is needed, combined with a specific ritual, to complete the dissolution.”

“No! You can’t do this!” Upon learning that his consent was not needed to dissolve the contract, Kang Cheng was as if struck by Thunder Strike, his last bit of confidence completely dispersed, and intense resistance and fury appeared in his eyes, “This is my Pet Beast!”

“But it was entrusted to you by the Association, and you have not fulfilled your responsibilities.” Zhou Rong spoke sternly and then gave a signal to his colleagues.