Chapter 485 - 279: Xu Ran'S Targeted Sparring Partner_3

Chapter 485: Chapter 279: Xu Ran’s Targeted Sparring Partner_3

Xu Zhou and the staff member who was already in the room quickly stepped forward, restrained the struggling Kang Cheng, and pressed him down at one side of the ritual platform.

“Come with me.” Zhou Rong looked towards the Combat Badger, his voice softened a little, “Over here.”

Under Zhou Rong’s direction, the Combat Badger took steps, one by one, till it stood at the other side of the ritual platform.

“Combat Badger!” Kang Cheng’s expression turned slightly ferocious as he spoke, his voice filled with pleading and coaxing, “Will you come home with me?”

“I’ll treat you better from now on, just give me a chance, okay?”

Hearing Kang Cheng’s words, the Combat Badger’s face showed a hint of hesitation and struggle.

Noticing the change in the Combat Badger’s expression, Zhou Rong let out a small sigh in his heart, paused his preparations for the ritual, and looked at the Combat Badger, “Make your decision.”

“Whether to dissolve the contract with Kang Cheng, and be taken care of by the Starfire Foster Care Shop under the Association’s commission, or to maintain the contract with Kang Cheng and continue as his contracted partner.”

In the Combat Badger’s mind, the myriad comforts and carefree days at the Starfire Foster Care Shop quickly materialized, contrasting with the lingering depression and oppression that filled its heart day after day under the contract with Kang Cheng.

This, it seemed, was not a very difficult choice to make.

The Combat Badger’s gaze became resolute again, and it nodded vigorously in Zhou Rong’s direction.

“Squeak~”

The contract, it had to be dissolved today!

Understanding the Combat Badger’s intent, the last sliver of hope in Kang Cheng’s eyes dissipated. He fell silent, with anger and resentment seeming to brew in his eyes.

Reading the Combat Badger’s intent, Zhou Rong breathed a small sigh of relief and then without hesitation activated the ritual on the platform.

Accompanying a wispy special light that rose from the center of the ritual platform, like a long knife slicing through the middle of the Combat Badger and Kang Cheng, the invisible contract was cut apart.

In that moment, both the Combat Badger and Kang Cheng felt the contract that had bonded them melt away swiftly like snow under the warm sun.

Kang Cheng’s power plummeted at that moment.

The dissolution of his contract with the Combat Badger meant that he had lost the power reinforcement brought about by having a Pet Beast.

On the other hand, the moment the contract was severed, an intense Evolve Light suddenly burst forth from the Combat Badger.

The next moment, in full view of all, the Combat Badger’s body type began to grow quickly, and its aura climbed dramatically, breaking through from the Elite Stage to reach the Leadership Stage.

It had been an exceptional Pet Beast among those at the Elite Level, having reached the peak of the Elite Stage even before its contract with Kang Cheng, and in the past days, it had indulged in so many delicacies at the Starfire Foster Shop.

Now with the contract dissolved, the shackles that hindered its growth were also removed.

Unexpected yet reasonable, the Combat Badger advanced to the Leadership Stage.

And this meant that Kang Cheng was even less likely to contract with the Combat Badger again.

“The contract is dissolved.” Seeing the Combat Badger, now advanced to the Leadership Stage, Xu Zhou’s face beamed with a radiant smile, he affectionately patted the Combat Badger’s head, “You’ve broken through just as the contract was dissolved, seems like Boss Xu has been feeding you some pretty good stuff, eh!”

“Squeak~”

Despite the significant increase in strength, the Combat Badger still had that somewhat simple and honest expression. Hearing Xu Zhou’s words, it nodded agreeably.

And that was no ordinary stuff.

The best thing it had ever eaten in its life, was probably the food it had these last two or three days at the Starfire Foster.

“Kang Cheng, you can go back now.” Having dissipated the remaining energy on the ritual platform, Zhou Rong looked at the still silent Kang Cheng and spoke in a deep voice.

Without a word, Kang Cheng stood up from the ground and left the ritual room in silence.

Seeing this scene, Zhou Rong’s brow knitted slightly.

If the other party had cursed a few times, he would probably be more at ease.

Now, seeing Kang Cheng’s drastically different behavior compared to before the contract was dissolved, he, instead, had an inexplicable sense of foreboding.

Could it be that this guy would make trouble for Boss Xu?

At that thought, Zhou Rong fell silent.

Boss Xu was a General Level Beast Master, how could he be threatened by an Elite Level Beast Master who only had one Pet Beast left?

However, he would still mention it to Boss Xu when sending the Combat Badger back, just to be on the safe side.

“Combat Badger, stay here at the Association for a bit. After I’ve dealt with the following procedures, I’ll send you back,” he said, then turned and left the ritual room.

“Bro Xu, I’m going to leave too,” another staff member said with a cheerful smile, waving to Xu Zhou, “The Combat Badger is all yours now.”

“Sure, go ahead with your business,” Xu Zhou acknowledged as he watched the other leave, then patted the Combat Badger’s shoulder, “It’s rather stuffy here, how about we take a walk around the Association?”

“Squeak~”

The Combat Badger nodded, a look of anticipation and nostalgia appearing in its eyes.@@novelbin@@

After the demise of its first Beast Master and before contracting with Kang Cheng, it was cared for by the Beast Master Association and lived within the Association’s premises.

Because of its naturally amiable character, the Combat Badger was quite popular within the Association, often liking to wander around the premises, with many staff members remembering it fondly.

Speaking of which, since contracting with Kang Cheng, it had been a long time since it had visited the Association.

Xu Zhou quickly summoned the Star of Magic and, leading the Combat Badger, left the ritual room to wander around the Association.

With the assistance of the Star of Magic, the interactions between the man and the beast faced no barriers. The Combat Badger quickly diluted the fleeting sense of emptiness it felt after the contract was dissolved with its past memories and Xu Zhou’s words.