Chapter 481: 278: The Three Little Ones' Prepared Surprise_3

Chapter 481: Chapter 278: The Three Little Ones’ Prepared Surprise_3

No longer lazy, the Combat Badger now seemed to to radiate energy and hope from head to toe.

Elsewhere, back on the thirteenth floor of the living area, Xu Ran, as usual, chatted idly with the three little ones before sitting cross-legged on the bed, doubling the speed of his deep meditation with two Meditation Acceleration Cards in an effort to improve himself.

But the three little ones, who, as usual, should have fallen asleep quickly after Xu Ran’s meditation, did not go to sleep as obediently as in the past.

After making sure that Xu Ran had fallen asleep, they exchanged glances and then tiptoed out of the room.

Shortly after, seemingly remembering something, Ziyun quickly returned, silently and stealthily grabbing Xu Ran’s cellphone from the nightstand with its light steps before disappearing again.

The room fell into silence, with only Xu Ran, deep in meditation, completely unaware of the happenings.

Outside the room, Ziyun, now with the cellphone, soon met up with Star and Cancan at the elevator entrance.

“Meow~” (Got it!)

Ziyun said in a hushed voice, shaking the cellphone it was carrying.

“Char?” (Can we really make human food with this thing?)

Cancan curiously widened its eyes and asked.

“Xi Lu~” (The cellphone can search for how to make human food.)

Star nodded calmly.

“Char!” (Then let’s go!)

Cancan waved its paw silently in the air and excitedly stepped into the elevator.

Ziyun and Star exchanged glances and followed closely behind.

At dinner time, having heard the Combat Badger’s story, they suddenly felt how truly grateful they should be for the food they had always taken for granted.

So, they also wanted to do something for Xu Ran.

And Cancan, whose head was always filled with bright ideas, suddenly thought they could make Xu Ran a meal.

A meal, of human food.

This seemingly hasty idea was approved by Ziyun and Star, leading to their current course of action.

Before long, the three little ones stepped out of the elevator and headed straight to the Preparation Room on the second floor within the foster area.

In the living area where the Combat Badger slept soundly, its ears twitched as if sensing something, but it turned over and continued to sleep soundly.

Inside the Preparation Room, the three little ones busily and methodically began their task.

“Meow~” (Let’s leave the research to Star.)

With a casual flick, Ziyun tossed the cellphone straight to Star.

Out of the three, Star was the one who could recognize the most characters, and since using the cellphone to look for recipes was its idea, it readily took on the task.

“Xi Lu…” (Research, huh…)

Star looked at the cellphone in front of it and then at its own hard hooves, large enough to cover the phone’s screen, and fell into thought.

But it didn’t take long for the clever creature to come up with a solution.

Star’s body size shrank again, from the two meters it was after the previous shrinking down to a tiny size of about thirty centimeters.

Then, looking at its hoof, now about as thick as Xu Ran’s fingers, Star nodded in satisfaction and began to operate the phone.

After skillfully punching in Xu Ran’s unlock code, the screen lit up.

“Xi Lu…” (It looks like searching is done with… this?)

Star muttered softly, with a hint of uncertainty, as it opened an app called “Qiandu” on the phone.

Soon, the familiar interface appeared, making its eyes light up.

This is it!

It had seen Xu Ran operate this before and still had an impression of it.

With slight unfamiliarity, Star began to type “how to make human food” into the search bar.

But the content that popped up made its expectant expression stiffen slightly.

“Is this really food that humans can eat?”

“A roundup of twenty foods that exceed the limits of human imagination.”

“Warning! This food doesn’t seem like something humans should eat!”

“…”

What is all this?!@@novelbin@@

Star’s face, now full of human-like bewilderment, showed it felt confident in its search terms.

“Meow?” (What’s the matter?)

Sensing Star’s unusual demeanor, Ziyun came over to take a look, and its expression also became somewhat helpless.

“Meow~” (You have to ask in a human way.)

Star realized at once.

That’s right, both the ones who asked and the ones who answered questions on the cellphone were humans; the inquiry phrased in the way Pet Beasts would ask wouldn’t yield the desired answer.

With a new approach, Star deleted the previous text and searched “cooking methods for delicacies” instead, and much more normal results popped up this time.

But…

Faced with a dazzling array of dishes, it found itself in a pickle again.

“Xi Lu?” (Human food has so many varieties, what shall we make?)

Upon hearing this question, Ziyun’s face showed deep thought and recollection.

As a fragment from the depths of its memory surfaced, its heterochromatic eyes suddenly brightened.

“Meow!” (Let’s look for braised pork!)

The impression was that Xu Ran really enjoyed this delicacy, having mentioned it several times in front of it.

Choosing this, Xu Ran was sure to like it!

“Xi Lu~” (No problem.)

Star nodded without any objections.

Out of the three little ones, Ziyun had lived with Xu Ran the longest; if anyone knew Xu Ran’s tastes best, it was definitely Ziyun.

Soon, the recipe for braised pork was easily found. As the dense text entered its view, Star suddenly fell silent again.

It was true it could recognize characters, but why were these words it knew so hard to understand when strung together?