Chapter 489: 280: Xu Ran'S Special Training Method_3

Chapter 489: Chapter 280: Xu Ran’s Special Training Method_3

This was the first time he had seen his own Pet Beast exert itself so diligently in using its healing abilities. Even when he occasionally hurt himself and had the Healing Mushroom help him heal, the creature was reluctant to use its healing spores.

He suddenly turned to look at the calmly composed Xu Ran, a hypothesis gradually forming in his mind.

Could it be… this was the real training method?!

Under the Healing Mushroom’s efforts, the puppet’s wounds healed at an accelerated pace, visibly closing up rather quickly, until they were completely healed.

Witnessing the puppet return to motion and stand up, the Healing Mushroom clapped its hands and shouted with excitement.

“Gu!”

Dispensing with its healing power, the Healing Mushroom stepped back and transformed its hands into long knives, pointing obliquely at the puppet, adopting a posture that invited battle.

Now, the battle could resume!

Facing the Healing Mushroom’s challenge, the puppet swayed its body and then, holding a long spear, responded without hesitation.

Once again, the two clashed in battle, engaging in a spirited bout that lasted over ten rounds. Then, the puppet was once more sent flying by the Healing Mushroom’s slash, leaving behind a massive wound.

The Healing Mushroom paused, its previously unbridled joy in combat abruptly stalled, causing it immense discomfort.

Unable to endure, it rushed forward and performed a triple healing sequence on the injured puppet.

Battle, injury, healing, battle…

This cycle repeated over and over, while the onlooking Du Tan’s expression grew more and more animated.

Engrossed in the action, the Healing Mushroom itself failed to realize that it spent far more time healing the puppet than it did fighting it.

This wasn’t training for Vine Slash at all, it was training for healing skills!

As an observer, Du Tan saw clearly that the puppet, with its superb combat skills, made the Healing Mushroom drool over it like a lecherous wolf spotting a beautiful woman.

But in the actual combat, the sparring puppet was as fragile as a sheet of paper, and after a bout of fighting, just when the Healing Mushroom was nearing the height of enjoyment, it would intentionally expose a flaw, allowing the Healing Mushroom to grievously wound it.

Yes, intentionally expose a flaw!

After watching a few more times, Du Tan completely realized that the puppet’s combat skills were flawless on purpose.

Not only that, its injuries were also very difficult to heal.

Comparing the Healing Mushroom’s healing intensity to the puppet’s recovery condition, Du Tan could easily judge that healing it was two or three times more challenging than normal healing.

Faced with such a patient, the Healing Mushroom would have never been willing to heal it proactively in the past.

But!

The puppet could!

With the constant temptation of “heal now and continue fighting,” the Healing Mushroom not only wanted to heal it but was highly proactive in doing so!

The training methods of this Foster Shop were too clever!

In an instant, Du Tan felt guilty for his prior misunderstanding.

“It looks like you’ve figured it out.” Seeing Du Tan’s look of sudden realization, Xu Ran smiled and patted his shoulder, “So, the next round of sparring training is up to you.”

“Alright… eh?” It wasn’t until Xu Ran had disappeared from view that Du Tan suddenly realized there was a problem.

Sparring… wasn’t that supposed to be done by the staff of the Foster Shop?!

However, turning his head, he looked at the Healing Mushroom, which was still eagerly involved and hadn’t realized it had been tricked, and Du Tan let out a sigh internally.

Forget it, that’s not important.

—————–

Having perfectly resolved the issue of the first sparring client who came to the door, Xu Ran was in a very good mood.

And no sooner had he returned to the store on the first floor, seeing Zhou Rong and Xu Zhou come back, his mood improved even further.

“Has the contract been dissolved?” Xu Ran asked curiously.

“Indeed, the contract has been dissolved,” Zhou Rong nodded in confirmation, “Starting today, the Combat Badger and Kang Cheng no longer have a contract.”

“This is certainly good news for the Combat Badger,” Xu Ran smiled brightly.

“Only, Boss Xu, you should be careful too,” Zhou Rong’s voice paused slightly, “Kang Cheng is not a very forgiving person. After this ordeal, he is definitely going to harbor resentment towards you and your Foster Shop.”

“That doesn’t matter,” Xu Ran waved his hand dismissively, “He’s just an Elite Level Beast Master, what can he do to me?”

“Anyway, I am in the right.”

Zhou Rong nodded slightly.

His thoughts were not much different from Xu Ran’s.

“Alright, let’s not talk about that,” Xu Ran said with an indifferent smile, “What about Combat Badger? When is it coming back?”

“Regarding this…” Upon hearing Xu Ran mention Combat Badger, Zhou Rong’s expression turned somewhat strange, and he couldn’t help but turn to look at Xu Zhou.

Hmm? Was there some other complication?

Noticing the change in Zhou Rong’s expression, Xu Ran raised an eyebrow in curiosity.@@novelbin@@

“Let me explain,” Xu Zhou cleared his throat and stepped forward, “Boss Xu, I want to know how many more Pet Beasts your shop can accommodate at the moment?”

“Our current capacity is fifty. Since no other residents are here besides Combat Badger, we can accommodate forty-nine more,” Xu Ran answered without hesitation and then glanced at Xu Zhou, “Why do you ask?”

“Well then, that reassures me,” Xu Zhou let out a slight sigh of relief, and then his expression turned somewhat helpless, “Here’s the thing: after dissolving Combat Badger’s contract, I took it for a round at the Beast Master Association.”

“And then… we went to the Beast Master Association’s Foster Area. Combat Badger lived there before its contract with Kang Cheng.”