Chapter 488: 280: Xu Ran'S Special Training Method_2

Chapter 488: Chapter 280: Xu Ran’s Special Training Method_2

He thought that the foster shop recommended by Li Tutu might have something different.

As thoughts raced through his mind, the battle between the Healing Mushroom and the puppet officially began.@@novelbin@@

Meanwhile, Du Tan’s chaotic thoughts were swiftly suppressed the moment he saw the puppet make its move.

Cool!

So cool!

The sparring puppet used only a few simple deflects to easily parry the Healing Mushroom’s attacks, accurately hitting the tips of the double blades the Healing Mushroom had transformed its hands into, forcing it back.

A sense of profound simplicity almost overflowed in that instant it struck, as if a true combat master, having been through countless battles, grasped the essence of fighting and combat.

The Healing Mushroom felt the same way.

Engaging closely with it, the Healing Mushroom perceived this feeling even more clearly.

After just a few exchanges, the Healing Mushroom felt as though it had been instructed by the opponent; the aesthetic finesse of its fighting skills and the impeccable spear techniques left it in awe.

In an instant, unprecedented excitement appeared in the Healing Mushroom’s eyes.

Battling such an opponent, every second was a huge gain!

Seizing this opportunity, it was certain its Vine Slash skill and combat techniques could make significant improvements!

Thinking this, the Healing Mushroom let out a low cry and went all out, swinging its pair of blades to create a continuous whooshing sound, slashing through the air with a myriad of blade shadows.

Against the Healing Mushroom’s all-out assault, the puppet seemed to handle it with ease. It accurately picked out the true pair of blades from the myriad of shadows, and as the red glow in its eyes flickered, it thrust forward in an instant!

“Ding——”

With a crisp sound of iron and gold clashing echoing through the air, the multitude of blade shadows instantly dissipated, and the tip of the puppet’s long spear was touching the exact point where the two blades crossed, with deadly precision.

“Grr!!”

Again!

The more excited the Healing Mushroom became, the more fiercely it clashed with the puppet.

Watching his Pet Beast battle the puppet, Du Tan, who was spectating from the side, couldn’t help but marvel at the puppet’s skills.

At the same time, his emotions were quite complex.

Ever since he formed a contract with his Healing Mushroom, he could clearly feel its love for combat.

Although he always wanted it to train healing-type skills, he could only respect the Healing Mushroom’s wishes, focusing on Vine Slash first, and taking the roundabout path to salvation.

Now, seeing the Healing Mushroom once again display its fervor for battle, there was a moment when Du Tan began to question whether he had been too harsh on it.

What’s wrong with letting it be a combat-focused Healing Mushroom according to its own preferences?

Just as Du Tan was about to persuade himself to change his mind, the situation in the arena suddenly changed.

The puppet’s impeccable spear movements showed a slight flaw at one moment, and a blade shadow managed to pass through without being fully blocked, successfully striking the puppet.

“Crack~”

A loud crack announced the appearance of a huge fissure on the puppet’s body, which was sent flying backward, crashing to the ground.

“Gulp?!”

The Healing Mushroom, still in the posture of delivering that slash, revealed a hint of astonishment in its eyes.

It didn’t feel there was anything special about its strike. Why hadn’t the opponent blocked it?

It must have been an accident… With its strength, there’s no way it could not block it.

Just as the Healing Mushroom was gearing up for a blood-pumping battle, it couldn’t help but call out to Xu Ran by its side in an urgent tone.

“Gulp? Gulp!”

Are there any more puppets like this one? Bring out another!

It was far from having had its fill!

The amusement in Xu Ran’s eyes deepened instantly.

Not satisfied yet? That’s the point.

You’re meant to feel unsatisfied!

“Sorry, our foster shop only has this one sparring puppet,” Xu Ran pretended to regret as he spread his hands, and after seeing the Healing Mushroom’s mood quickly sink, he suddenly added, “However… this puppet can be healed.”

“Gulp?”

The Healing Mushroom quickly looked up, its expression one of confusion as it gazed at Xu Ran.

“That’s right, although it’s a puppet, it can be repaired by healing skills and brought back into operation.” Xu Ran nodded towards the Healing Mushroom, his tone affirmative as he continued, “So you just need to heal it, and you can continue fighting.”

“Gulp~”

Upon hearing Xu Ran’s words, the Healing Mushroom’s eyes brightened, and it rushed to the fallen puppet, its large mushroom cap emitting a bright green glow, as tiny points of energy surged toward the large crack in the puppet’s body.

Two stars Skills, Stardust Level Healing Spore.

With the flow of energy, the edges of the crack on the puppet’s body began to grow slowly, showing signs of healing.

As it saw its actions taking effect, the Healing Mushroom let out a burst of delighted cries. Then it shook its blades back into bean sprouts and placed them together on the puppet’s wound.

Light green halos sped out from the Healing Mushroom’s hands, covering the entire area of the puppet’s wound.

Two stars Skills, Stardust Level Fast Healing Acceleration.

Earthly yellow halos emerged from where the Healing Mushroom’s feet made contact with the ground. They then rose around its body, enveloping both the Healing Mushroom and the puppet. A vibrant vitality subsequently surged through.

Two stars Skills, Stardust Level Earth Healing.

With that, the Healing Mushroom employed all three of its two stars healing-type Skills, aside from its Calm Spore that soothed and stabilized emotions.

Seeing this, Du Tan’s expression instantly turned to one of delight.