Chapter 482: 278: The Three Little Ones' Prepared Surprise_4

Chapter 482: Chapter 278: The Three Little Ones’ Prepared Surprise_4

“`

What caramelizing sugar… braising…

Left with no other choice, it had to start from scratch, searching for the specific meaning of each unfamiliar term.

“Meow~” (This task is all yours.)

After only a glance, Ziyun gave up the struggle and decisively handed the job over to Star, then turned its head toward Cancan, who had cozied up to the stove to carefully study it.

“Meow?” (How’s your preparation going, Cancan?)

“Chya…” (Human cooking utensils look so complicated.)

Cancan’s face bore a rather solemn expression.

Being the one who made the suggestion, it realized upon actual operation that things were apparently simpler in its mind.

The human kitchenware before its eyes was more complex than it had anticipated.

Using it to cook food was quite a challenge…

“Meow~” (This is a pot, you need to place it on the stand, and then ignite it…)

Ziyun stretched out its paw, recalled Xu Ran’s movements when stir-frying, and pointed at the iron pot hanging on the wall.

However, at the step of igniting, it hit a snag.

Because it couldn’t quite remember how to light the fire.

Luckily, Cancan was clever enough.

Following Ziyun’s commands to place the pot correctly, it quickly found the stove’s ignition switch and, after several attempts, discovered the trick to press down before turning.

“Chya!” (Done!)

Watching the flames spitting out and charring the bottom of the pot, Cancan excitedly turned off the fire, emitting an excited sound.@@novelbin@@

The first step was finally completed!

“Xi Lu~” (I’ve organized the needed ingredients.)

With a neigh, Star’s face regained its composed expression.

After relentless effort, it had looked up the meanings of all those unfamiliar terms.

Thus, the method for cooking braised pork was no longer a secret in its eyes!

The braised pork is no challenge to me, Star has comprehended it!

Adeptly listing the various ingredients needed, Star looked toward Ziyun.

The task of finding the ingredients was handed to Ziyun.

“Meow~” (Wait for me.)

Ziyun nodded, and in the next moment, its figure flashed and disappeared from the spot, leaving behind only a lingering image of gathering thunderbolts.

It took quite a while before the lingering image reformed into Ziyun’s body, and in its mouth was a bag full of ingredients.

Judging by the logo on the bag, these ingredients came from a nearby store that operated twenty-four hours a day.

Although it was the middle of the night, the ingredients Ziyun brought out were quite fresh.

“Meow~” (We can start now!)

“Chya!” (I’m ready!)

Cancan clamped the spatula in its mouth, nodding as a signal.

“Xi Lu…” (Then let’s begin with the first step…)

Star glanced at the phone and then began to give out instructions.

After a bustle of hasty activity, a shapeless charred object appeared on the small table next to the stove.

The three little heads grouped together, looking at their masterpiece, deep in thought.

“Chya?” (Will Xu Ran like to eat this?)

Cancan put down the spatula it was holding and picked up a small piece to taste, then quietly swallowed it down a moment later.

“Chya?” (I think it’s not bad?)

Upon hearing this, the looks in Star’s and Ziyun’s eyes suddenly became strange as they looked at Cancan.

Of course, you think it’s not bad.

Earth attribute Pet Beasts find earth tasty.

This thing is obviously not right at all!

“Xi Lu~” (I can smell the burnt scent; this stuff definitely won’t suit Xu Ran’s taste.)

“Meow~” (Indeed, braised pork doesn’t look like this.)

Ziyun nodded affirmatively, agreeing with Star’s words.

“`

It had seen Xu Ran make braised pork before—with its deep reddish-brown color, the tender meat would jostle gently on the plate as it was served, refracting an enticing, glistening sheen under the light, nothing like the dark mess in front of it now.

So…

“Meow~” (Let’s do it again.)

Ziyun couldn’t help but glance at the ingredients beside it.

Considering it might need several attempts, it had bought ten portions of ingredients.

But now, it seemed… that they might not be enough…

Ten times—could it really make delicious braised pork after just ten tries?

“Cha!” (One more time!)

Rejected by Ziyun and Star, Cancan nonetheless appeared full of enthusiasm.

It devoured its own creation without disdain, then picked up the spatula, a fighting spirit kindling in its eyes.

Today, it, Cancan the Can Emperor, would definitely conquer the art of braised pork!

—————–

The next morning.

Xu Ran slowly opened his eyes, emerging from a state of meditation, his consciousness returning to reality.

Instinctively, he turned his head to the side, looking towards where the three little ones usually slept, and his expression paused slightly.

None of the three were in the room.

“Ziyun? Star? Cancan?”

Xu Ran called out tentatively but didn’t receive a response from the three little ones.

“Strange,” he muttered softly, then quickly got up to dress, “What are these three up to today?”

After hastily washing up, Xu Ran carefully checked the thirteenth floor living area, confirmed the absence of the three little ones, and then a pondering look crossed his face.

“Could it be… they’ve gone to train early in the morning?”

Considering this possibility, a doubtful expression appeared on Xu Ran’s face.

Normally, the three little ones would start training after a breakfast they thoroughly enjoyed. Breakfast was an important energy boost for them and the motivation to start a day full of vigor.

Skipping breakfast to train directly was inconsistent with his understanding of his three little ones.

“Forget it, let’s head to the training area to check,” Xu Ran gave up on pondering and entered the elevator, heading sequentially to the Thunder Attribute, Fighting Attribute, Dark Attribute, and Earth Attribute Training Areas.

After not seeing the familiar figures of the three little ones in the Training Areas, he stood in the elevator and used the Contractual Sensing, then unhesitatingly pressed the button for the second floor.

Soon, as the elevator doors opened, Xu Ran saw the figures of the three little ones.

But…

“You three didn’t stay up all night, did you?”

Xu Ran, looking at the excitedly approaching three who couldn’t hide their fatigue, suddenly sniffed, “What’s that smell?”

“Meow!” (We’ve prepared a surprise for you!)

Ziyun hopped onto Xu Ran’s shoulder, signaling for him to check out the Preparation Room.

“Surprise?” Surprised himself, Xu Ran asked, “Why would you suddenly prepare a surprise for me?”

Star and Cancan, standing beside, didn’t answer, but their expressions were full of anticipation.

“Alright, let’s go have a look.” Seeing the secretive demeanor of the three little ones, Xu Ran chuckled and walked towards the Preparation Room.

As he pushed open the door of the Preparation Room, a burnt smell hit him, causing his expression to stiffen slightly.

Then, he saw the familiar dish quietly placed on the table.

“Is this your doing?!”

Xu Ran asked instinctively, but an answer was already forming in his heart.

Who else but the three little ones would secretly prepare a meal for him?

The chaos in the Preparation Room suggested they had been busy all night, failing numerous times.

Looking at the auto-shut-off phone lying next to them, out of power, Xu Ran could even imagine them consulting the phone while attempting to cook the braised pork.

For a moment, he found it amusing, but a warm current welled up in his heart nonetheless.

“Cha!” (Taste it and see!)

Cancan urged excitedly.

Taste the handiwork of me, Cancan the Can Emperor!

“Who eats braised pork first thing in the morning!” Xu Ran laughed to himself but didn’t hesitate to lift the plate and took a bite from it.

“Delicious!”