Chapter 486 - 279: Xu Ran’S Targeted Sparring Partner_4

Chapter 486: Chapter 279: Xu Ran’s Targeted Sparring Partner_4

Soon, a person and their pet arrived at the foster care area within the Beast Master Association.

These foster care areas were not as fully equipped as the foster shops and were only used in some special circumstances for emergency use.

For example, the Combat Badger, which had lost its Beast Master, had temporarily stayed here.

And now, there were still several Pet Beasts in the foster care area.

“You should recognize that Money Flower; it moved in even before you did and still hasn’t found a suitable Beast Master,” Xu Zhou said, introducing the new faces to the Combat Badger as if he cherished them, “This is a Vine Armor Turtle, this is a Water Chain Dragon, and this is…”

With his brief introduction, the Combat Badger got a preliminary impression of the unfamiliar faces in the foster care area.

It walked in with a swagger, taking the initiative to communicate and interact with these Pet Beasts that, for various reasons, had to be temporarily fostered here.

Meanwhile, Xu Zhou didn’t disturb them, leaning quietly against the door, listening to the translations fed back to him by the Star of Magic.

However, soon, as he listened to what the Combat Badger was saying, his expression gradually became somewhat strange.

—————–

On the other hand, at Starfire Foster Care Shop, Xu Ran’s happiness for the Combat Badger was quickly diluted by the busy business that came flooding in as soon as they opened for the day.

Today was destined to be another busy day.

After providing Washing and Protection services for four Beast Master customers and receiving full praise, the fifth customer walked into the shop without delay.

“Welcome to Star~fire!”

Xu Ran stood up with a smile, looking at the customer in front of him.

This was a somewhat green-looking young man, seemingly not yet an adult, whose expression at the moment was particularly downcast, even to the point of seeming despondent.

Behind him stood a Pet Beast that resembled a mushroom.

With a large mushroom cap, this Pet Beast’s eyes were unusually expressive, faintly sharp, and its slender body had four sprout-like protrusions, which were its hands and feet.

It was a Leader Species of the Earth attribute, the Healing Mushroom.

The instant he recognized this kind of Pet Beast, Xu Ran’s mind also conjured up its corresponding particulars.

The Healing Mushroom was an exceptionally outstanding Healing Pet Beast.

Normally, having more than one healing skill would qualify it as a healing type of Pet Beast.

The Healing Mushroom itself had four Two stars Skills, and all four of the Two stars Skills were healing abilities, with only one One Star skill, Vine Slash, as an offensive skill.

It could be said to be a natural healer.

As these pieces of information flickered in his mind, Xu Ran’s face wore his trademark smile, “Hello, are you here for washing and protection?”

“Uh… Let’s talk about washing and protection later,” surprisingly, the young man shook his head without hesitation, and then immediately explained his purpose, “I’ve come to hope you can provide Intensive Training for the Healing Mushroom.”

“Are you saying… sparring?” Xu Ran’s face showed a touch of surprise.

Until now, the shop’s business had mainly been Washing and Protection, with the Combat Badger being the only one in foster care, and as for sparring, no one had ever inquired about it.

Unexpectedly, a customer had come asking for sparring.

However, after only a brief pause, Xu Ran’s smile grew even warmer.

Sparring was great!

After all, the resource corresponding to sparring was Skill Points.

This was very important for the three little ones.

If this deal went well, he might even be able to open up the sparring market in Monster Wooden City and earn a large number of Skill Points.

“No problem, leave it to me!” With that thought, Xu Ran patted his chest without hesitation, “We can talk while walking.”

He led the young man and the Healing Mushroom into the elevator, casually pressed the floor corresponding to the Earth attribute Training Area, and then casually began to ask.

“What skills do you plan to provide Intensive Training for the Healing Mushroom? Healing Spore? Calm Spore? Fast Healing Acceleration?”

Soon, a person and their Pet Beast arrived at the emergency Foster Care area inside the Beast Master Association.@@novelbin@@

These Foster Care areas weren’t as fully equipped as a Foster Shop and were meant to be used only in special, emergency situations.

For example, the Combat Badger that had lost its Beast Master had temporarily lived here in the past.

Now, within the Foster Care area, there were several Pet Beasts present.

“You should recognize that Money Flower, it moved in before you did and still hasn’t found a suitable Beast Master,” Xu Zhou enumerated to the Combat Badger, “This is the Vine Armor Turtle, this is the Chain Water Dragon, and this is…”

With his brief introductions, the Combat Badger got a preliminary impression of the new faces in the Foster Care area.

It swaggered in, proactively starting to communicate with the other Pet Beasts who, for various reasons, also had to temporarily stay here.

Meanwhile, Xu Zhou didn’t interrupt them and quietly leaned against the door, listening to the translations provided by the Star of Magic.

However, before long, as he listened to the Combat Badger’s words, his expression gradually became rather odd.

—————–

On the other hand, back at the Starfire Foster Care Shop, the happiness Xu Ran felt for the Combat Badger was quickly overshadowed by the rush of business that started as soon as the shop opened.

Today was destined to be another busy day.

After giving Washing and Protection to the Pet Beasts of four Beast Master customers and receiving generous praise, the fifth customer immediately entered the shop.

“Welcome~”

Xu Ran smiled as he stood up to look at the new customer.

It was a somewhat green-looking young boy who appeared to be underage, and right now, his expression was very downcast, almost as if he had lost all will to live.

Behind him stood a Pet Beast that resembled a mushroom.

With a large mushroom cap on its head, the Pet Beast’s eyes were unusually expressive, subtly sharp. Its slightly slender body featured four sprout-like protrusions that served as its hands and feet.

An Earth attribute Leader Species, Healing Mushroom.

The instant he recognized this type of Pet Beast, Xu Ran’s mind was also flooded with relevant information.

The Healing Mushroom was an exceedingly excellent Healing Pet Beast.

Normally, having at least one healing skill would qualify as a Healing Pet Beast.

And the Healing Mushroom itself, with four Two stars Skills, had all of them as healing skills, with only one One Star skill, Vine Slash, being an offensive skill.

It could be said to be a born healer.

As this information flashed through his mind, Xu Ran’s face carried his signature smile, “Hello, are you here for Washing and Protection?”

“Uh… Let’s talk about Washing and Protection later,” contrary to Xu Ran’s expectation, the boy shook his head without hesitation, then promptly explained his purpose, “I came to ask if you could help with Intensive Training for the Healing Mushroom.”

“You mean… sparring?” Xu Ran’s face took on a look of surprise.

Up to now, the shop’s business had primarily been Washing and Protection, and aside from the Combat Badger, they only had foster service. As for sparring, it was something no one had ever inquired about.

Unexpectedly, a customer had come asking for sparring.

But after just a moment’s pause, the smile on Xu Ran’s face grew even wider.

Sparring was great!

After all, the resources corresponding to sparring were Skill Points.

These were very important for the three little ones.

If this deal went well, there was a chance to break into the training market of Monster Wooden City and earn a considerable amount of Skill Points.

“No problem, leave it to me!” With this in mind, Xu Ran quickly slapped his chest in assurance, “Let’s walk and talk.”

He led the boy and the Healing Mushroom into the elevator, casually pressing the button for the floor corresponding to the Earth attribute Training Area, and then casually struck up a conversation.

“Which skill do you want to focus on for the Intensive Training of the Healing Mushroom? Healing Spore? Calm Spore? Fast Healing Acceleration?”