Chapter 483: 279: Xu Ran'S Targeted Sparring Partner

Chapter 483: Chapter 279: Xu Ran’s Targeted Sparring Partner

To be fair, the special surprise that the three little ones cooked up for Xu Ran together didn’t taste that great, far from the braised pork Xu Ran made by himself.

But the moment he tasted it, Xu Ran felt something beyond the flavor of the food.

It was the amalgamation of the three little ones’ intentions and hard work.

After finishing the plate of braised pork without leaving a single piece, Xu Ran slowly put down the plate and then looked at the three little ones with a complex expression, “You stayed up all night just to help me make a dish of braised pork?”

“Chic!” (This was my idea!)

Cancan proudly raised its head, eager for praise.

“You little rascal.” Xu Ran tapped Cancan’s head gently, then gave it a good rub, hugging Ziyun and Star’s heads tightly in the process.

A moment later, he let go of the three little ones.

“Alright, go wait outside, breakfast will be ready soon.”

The three little ones exchanged glances, then quickly left the preparation room.

After a night of hustle and bustle, they were already feeling hungry, fortunately, because their dietary structure differed, the aroma of the braised pork didn’t tempt their appetites, or it would have been even more torture for them.

Even so, when they heard Xu Ran say that breakfast would come soon, they did not dare to dawdle, fearing that if they left the preparation room later, it would interfere with Xu Ran’s work and delay their breakfast further.

Inside the preparation room, looking at the mess on the walls and the table, Xu Ran shook his head with a chuckle, then swiftly began to tidy up, and methodically prepared breakfast for the three little ones and the Combat Badger.@@novelbin@@

The three little ones had tried hard to prepare food for him; today’s breakfast ought to be a special treat for them.

Soon, with the crisp sound of a bell echoing throughout the foster area, breakfast was also set in front of the three little ones and the Combat Badger.

Looking at their meals that were clearly more generous than usual, the three little ones exchanged glances, eyes full of surprise.

Time to eat!

Watching the three little ones devour their food, the smile on Xu Ran’s face grew even thicker.

His gaze then shifted to the Combat Badger beside them.

It was the third day since this somewhat special resident had moved in.

Compared to the first two days, the Combat Badger was still eating somewhat crudely, but overall, he seemed much more composed, as if gradually becoming accustomed to the life rhythm and rules of the foster area.

This was clearly a good thing.

Xu Ran couldn’t help thinking of the two staff members from yesterday.

Xu Zhou and Zhou Rong had returned to the Association to work on releasing the Combat Badger’s contract, and Xu Ran wondered if they had been successful.

He hoped that good news would come soon.

Muttering silently in his heart, Xu Ran patiently waited until the four pet beasts finished the food in their bowls and then approached to clean up.

“You three can train later today, go upstairs and get some sleep first.” Seeing the three little ones unconsciously heading to the training area, Xu Ran spoke softly, “Remember to rest.”

“Meow~” (Okay~)

Ziyun went with the flow and nodded its head.

Being typically lazy and having not slept all night, and just having had a full meal, it was indeed feeling quite sleepy at the moment.

Following that, Cancan also quickly nodded in agreement.

As the initiator and the one who actually carried out this plan, it, too, was very tired! It needed some rest!

Even Star, who was always the most competitive of the three little ones, exceptionally agreed with Xu Ran’s suggestion to sleep for a while first.

Watching the three little ones ride the elevator up to the thirteenth floor together, Xu Ran let out a chuckle, then went down to the ground floor, ready to open for business.

Perhaps today was indeed a lucky day. Not long after he had opened the shop door, Xu Ran welcomed the two staff members he had been thinking about.

Seeing the relaxed smiles on Xu Zhou and Zhou Rong’s faces, Xu Ran knew that the matter with the Combat Badger must have reached a satisfactory conclusion.

“Boss Xu, good morning!” Xu Zhou greeted Xu Ran with a wave of his hand, then cut to the chase, “The Association has agreed.”

“The process was a bit convoluted, but the outcome is positive,” Zhou Rong said with a smile as well.

As he previously mentioned, Kang Cheng had some connections within the Beast Master Association.

The proposal to have the Association mediate the release of the Combat Badger from Kang Cheng’s contract was unsurprisingly met with opposition by some Association members who were on good terms with Kang Cheng.

Fortunately, as an Association staff member, Zhou Rong had brought a law enforcement recorder with him to the Starfire Foster Care Shop yesterday. It faithfully recorded everything.

After Zhou Rong presented irrefutable evidence of Kang Cheng’s mistreatment of the Combat Badger, even those who had tried to defend Kang Cheng fell silent.

Thus, the proposal was finally passed.

“Now that the Association has passed it, when can the contract between Kang Cheng and the Combat Badger be dissolved?” Xu Ran asked curiously.

Dissolving a Beast Taming Contract between a Beast Master and a Pet Beast is much more difficult than forming one.

To form a Beast Taming Contract, it only requires the consent of both parties.

To dissolve the contract, however, a special and complicated dissolution ceremony is required, along with some specific materials.

All of this is under the control of the Beast Master Association.

Therefore, dissolving a contract can only be done through the Beast Master Association.

“Anytime,” Xu Zhou replied promptly. “Actually, the reason we came here besides telling you the good news is to temporarily take the Combat Badger away.”

“After its contract with Kang Cheng is officially dissolved, we’ll bring it back here.” Zhou Rong added on the side.