Chapter 496: 282: The Sparring Partner Is On Fire, Too?_2

Chapter 496: Chapter 282: The Sparring Partner is on Fire, Too?_2

“Oh?” Another customer showed a curious look on their face, “Could you tell us exactly what the problem is?”

“Yeah, brother, do tell?”

“I want to know as well.”

The other customers chimed in, their gazes at Du Tan gaining a few more degrees of eagerness.

The charge for the accompanying training service was by the hour, but the rate was the same as fostering a pet of the corresponding growth stage for one day, which, compared to other foster shops, was also quite high, so naturally everyone was willing to learn about it for free.

“This…” Du Tan appeared a bit conflicted on his face.

At that moment, a Zhao Hao from behind him patted his shoulder and squeezed his small eyes, “Old Du, just tell them about it. It’s still early, and it won’t be too late if we go back home after one or two hours of training.”

“Alright.” Upon hearing this, Du Tan nodded and then began to tell everyone about his experience of bringing his Healing Mushroom for training at noon, in a vivid and colorful way.

Xu Ran walked back to the counter inside the shop and looked at the customers, whose faces revealed expressions of amazement after listening to Du Tan’s story, and he couldn’t help but smile a bit more.

There was no better advertisement than the personal experience of the customers.

Just for the effect of this advertisement, he would have to increase the intensity for the Healing Mushroom later on.

Well… let’s change the training puppet from taking damage every thirty seconds to every twenty seconds!

“Have any of you others trained here at this shop before?” After hearing Du Tan’s experience, the customers turned their curious eyes to Du Tan’s friends.

“No.” Zhao Hao shook his head, “All of us decided to send our Pet Beasts here for training after hearing Du Tan’s experience.”

Following Zhao Hao’s response, the other classmates nodded in agreement.

To witness such a significant transformation in Du Tan’s Healing Mushroom, how could they possibly not be moved!

And the other customers were also pondering in their hearts.

After hearing Du Tan’s story, even they began to feel the desire to try out the accompanying training service at the Starfire Foster Shop.

Once he had finished recounting his experience, Du Tan, with his friends in tow, approached Xu Ran, “We would each like to train for two hours.”

The other customers quickly quieted down.

They wanted to see how Xu Ran would handle these customers who had come for the accompanying training service.

“You’re very welcome,” Xu Ran smiled and nodded. “Summon the Pet Beasts you need training for and tell me your ideas.”

“I will do my utmost to fulfill them.”

“I’ll go first!” Zhao Hao, who couldn’t wait any longer, was the first to raise his hand.

In Qi Yue’s class, who was a formidable devil, aside from Du Tan, Zhao Hao was the one who got scolded the worst, and each time he felt quite wronged.

Because to some extent, it wasn’t really his fault.

Accompanied by a burst of glittering Hexagram Star Array, next to Zhao Hao appeared a Pet Beast as round as an egg, covered in fine, light gray fur, with two large dull eyes circled with rotating swirls.

In an instant, Xu Ran and many of the customers recognized it.

Superpower System Leading Race, Drowsy Egg.

This was a Pet Beast proficient in psychic attacks, boasting a signature skill called Drowsy Gaze.

A Drowsy Gaze with high proficiency could even put an opponent into an irrevocable sleep with just one look.

So despite looking simple and cute, its strength was substantial.

“So, what skill do you want to train your Drowsy Egg in?” asked Xu Ran, “Drowsy Gaze, Sleepy Fog, or Mental Impact?”

The skills that Xu Ran mentioned were the three two-star Star Talent Skills of the Drowsy Egg.@@novelbin@@

“Uh… Drowsy Gaze, I guess.” Saying this, Zhao Hao scratched his head awkwardly, “But my Drowsy Egg might be a bit special.”

“It… is nearsighted.”

The moment Zhao Hao’s words fell, the room fell into an eerie silence.

Nearsighted…

Are you sure that’s a problem a Drowsy Egg should have?!

“This is the first time I’ve heard of a pet beast having nearsightedness,” Xu Ran said, surprise creeping onto his face. “Can you explain in detail?”

“Of course.” Zhao Hao nodded quickly, now considering Xu Ran’s accompanying training service as his last hope, “My Drowsy Egg was born with poor eyesight and can’t see things clearly from afar.”

“And this has made it difficult to train its inherent skill, Drowsy Gaze,” said Zhao Hao, a touch of helplessness on his face. “Drowsy Gaze requires a clear view of the opponent, and nearsightedness greatly diminishes the potency of my Drowsy Egg’s ability to execute this skill.”

“No matter how we train this ability, my Drowsy Egg’s effective range of Drowsy Gaze never exceeds three meters…” As he spoke, Zhao Hao’s expression began to turn tearful, “Boss Xu, can this be solved?”

“Hiss…” Xu Ran stroked his chin, then suddenly spoke up, “How about we get it a pair of glasses for nearsightedness?”

“It won’t work,” Zhao Hao shook his head. “Although it’s nearsightedness, the Drowsy Egg’s condition is actually innate poor vision with factors of Transcendent Power, ordinary glasses can’t improve it at all.”

“I understand now.” Xu Ran nodded slowly, and his expression became serious.

A Drowsy Egg whose core skill was Drowsy Gaze, naturally had poor eyesight making it unable to see the opponent clearly, causing its proficiency in Drowsy Gaze to drop significantly.

This issue would be much more troublesome than Du Tan’s Healing Mushroom, which didn’t like to heal and was bent on fighting instead.