Chapter 493: 281: The Full Bloom Of Starfire Foster Care Shop_3

Chapter 493: Chapter 281: The Full Bloom of Starfire Foster Care Shop_3

“`

“Hey, stop beating around the bush, what exactly is the plan?” Zhao Hao couldn’t hold back any longer and urged.

“Alright, alright.” Du Tan quickly continued, “Boss Xu gave me the Healing Mushroom and I found a specially made Training Puppet…”

He vividly described the training situation of the Healing Mushroom at Starfire Foster Care Shop, and after hearing the whole process, the expressions of the other students also changed from initial indifference to astonishment and yearning.

“Going by what you said, this Starfire Foster Care Shop really seems quite impressive…” one of the students couldn’t help but mutter, “What exactly do they charge?”

“Transcendent Stage Pet Beasts are 666 Yuan per hour.” Zhao Hao, who had visited Washing and Protection once, quickly responded while a look of eagerness appeared in his eyes, “Honestly, after hearing what you said, I want to give my Boiling Ape a try too.”

“Indeed.” Another student nodded in agreement, “The training price for Transcendent Stage Pet Beasts is relatively affordable. Although 666 Yuan per hour is quite expensive, it’s still okay to give it a try.”

Hearing his words, the other students, who had been somewhat hesitant, also made up their minds.

Yeah, it’s just 666 Yuan, so why not try for an hour?

If it really is effective and can help their Pet Beasts, then such a price is indeed worth it.

“Just so happens, I have to take the Healing Mushroom for a few hours of training after class.” Du Tan chuckled, “We can go together.”

“Alright!”

“That’s settled then!”

The other students responded one after another, and an agreement to go to the Foster Shop for training together was reached on the way back to the classroom.

Spotting the classroom nearby, Zhao Hao’s eyes shifted, and he suddenly thought of something, “Speaking of which, Du Tan, your Healing Mushroom seemed to want to take action against the training target after healing it, could it be…”

Hearing Zhao Hao say this, a hint of strangeness appeared on the faces of the others.

Before this, they had only found the behavior baffling.

But after hearing about the Healing Mushroom’s training at Starfire Foster, they instantly understood that the Healing Mushroom had mistaken the training target for the Training Puppet!

“Cough cough…” Du Tan suddenly coughed twice, “It’s a minor issue, don’t worry about it. Once the Healing Mushroom is well-trained, it should be resolved…”

Thinking of his Pet Beast giving anyone it heals a strike afterwards, Du Tan couldn’t help but shiver, his voice becoming a few notches firmer.

“No, it must be resolved!”

—————–

“Squeak~”

Outside the Starfire Foster Care Shop, the Combat Badger excitedly pointed at the door close at hand, gesturing to the several Pet Beasts behind it.

Look! This is the great place I told you about!@@novelbin@@

Hearing what the Combat Badger said, the other Pet Beasts also showed looks of anticipation and excitement in their eyes.

Yes, they were the ones that, after hearing the Combat Badger describe its life at the Starfire Foster Care Shop, couldn’t help but yearn to ask the Association if they could also move in with the Combat Badger from the other Association Foster areas.

Even before entering the shop, they were “squeaking and cooing” in low voices, imagining the wonderful life ahead together.

“You guys…” Xu Zhou, who had summoned the Star of Magic the whole time, understood their conversation and a look of resignation appeared on his face, “The Foster area of our Association isn’t that bad, is it?”

Hearing Xu Zhou say this, the Pet Beasts looked somewhat embarrassed, seemingly ashamed of their request.

After all, it was already not easy for the Association to keep them free of charge.

“I’m just kidding, don’t take it to heart.” Seeing the Pet Beasts still restrained, Xu Zhou quickly waved his hand, “The Association is more than capable of taking care of you guys.”

“Look, we even brought the certificates.” He patted the hard case wrapped in silk cloth that Zhou Rong was holding, “You can move in with a clear conscience, and stay as long as you like.”

Upon hearing Xu Zhou say this, any worry in the Pet Beasts’ hearts dissipated.

Seeing them return to their previous excited state, a smile also appeared on Xu Zhou’s face.

And their somewhat peculiar group also attracted the attention of the customers queuing outside the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

After all, they looked rather special.

The Pet Beasts of various strength levels, the workers in Beast Master Association uniforms, and that silk-wrapped, somewhat mysterious hard case.

Seeing them approaching, as if to enter the shop, a customer couldn’t help but speak up and inquire, “Excuse me, what’s going on here?”

The other customers remained silent, but pairs of curious eyes were already fixated on Zhou Rong and Xu Zhou.

Seeing this, Zhou Rong and Xu Zhou didn’t immediately enter the shop.

After exchanging a glance, Zhou Rong stepped forward, unfolded the silk-wrapped document in his hand, revealing its true face.

The rows of gilded text and the shiny seal of the Beast Master Association stamped at the end left no doubt about its authenticity.

“Ladies and gentlemen, we’re staff from the Beast Master Association of Monster Wooden City,” Zhou Rong cleared his throat and spoke out loud, “Today, upon the gracious invitation of Mr. Xu Ran, the owner of Starfire Foster Care Shop, the Association has reached a cooperative agreement with Mr. Xu Ran.”

“From now on, the Association will entrust Unowned Pet Beasts that meet the foster care requirements to Starfire Foster Care Shop. We also believe that Starfire Foster Care Shop will provide them with the best care,” Zhou Rong paused slightly with his last words.

“`