Chapter 494: 281: The Full Bloom Of Starfire Foster Care Shop_4

Chapter 494: Chapter 281: The Full Bloom of Starfire Foster Care Shop_4

“In addition, ownerless Pet Beasts that meet the conditions can also take the initiative to come to Starfire Foster Shop. After verification by the Association, all foster care expenses will be borne by them.”

Upon hearing this, the guests in line fell silent for a moment before engaging in fervent discussion.

It was well-known that the Association would care for ownerless Pet Beasts meeting foster conditions free of charge.

And the foster conditions were quite straightforward.

The Pet Beast itself had made significant contributions to the Association, the Pet Beast’s Beast Master had made contributions and had been sacrificed, among a few other special circumstances.

However, the Association’s foster environment was indeed average, leading many ownerless Pet Beasts that qualified for foster care to avoid the Association, choosing instead to live on their own or to find a new Beast Master and start a new life.

But now, the Association had actually initiated a new foster model—entrusting foster shops to take care of the life of ownerless Pet Beasts!

This, in turn, can be said to have greatly improved their treatment.

However…

While surprised by the Association’s change, many guests also focused on another key point.

That was, the collaborator with the Association was the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

The Washing and Protection Service of Starfire Foster Care Shop was well-known to many, but no one had ever heard whether its foster care services were good or bad.

After all, its prices were out there for all to see.

Yet, this development sparked interest in the faces of quite a few customers.

Could it be that the Starfire Foster Care Shop’s foster care service, just like its Washing and Protection Service, was also good enough to be recognized by the Association?

“Gentlemen, have you seen the foster environment at the Starfire Foster Care Shop? What’s it like?” One of the queued guests couldn’t help but ask.

“As for that question…” Zhou Rong held back Xu Zhou, who was about to speak, and smiled slightly, “Seeing is believing. It’s better for you to see it for yourself, sir.”

Leaving the crowd pensive, he pulled Xu Zhou and directly entered the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

“Say, Zhang Tu, isn’t your Pet Beast’s foster period just up? Why not give it a try?” Another person in line turned to the man who had just asked the question, suggesting cheerfully.

“I indeed want to give it a try.” Zhang Tu nodded seriously, “I am going to take a look firsthand, to see just what the fostering environment at the Starfire Foster Care Shop is like.”

Hearing his words, more than one guest in line showed an interested look.

It sounded like a good idea.

—————–

“Boss Xu, I entrust these Pet Beasts to you.”

Standing at the entrance of the Foster Shop, Zhou Rong and Xu Zhou smiled at Xu Ran.

“You are too polite. Thank you for bringing the certificate and spreading the word right in front of the shop.” Glancing at the certificate that was already hanging in the most conspicuous spot on the wall, Xu Ran couldn’t conceal his smile.

With that, the foster care service was secured.

“Boss Xu, no need to see us out, you have a lot of business to tend to, and there are still people queuing outside.” Zhou Rong pointed outside the door and then waved goodbye to Xu Ran along with Xu Zhou.

“Take care!” Xu Ran waved at the backs of the two staff members, then turned to the next customer walking into the shop, “Welcome.”

“I’m here for the Washing and Protection Service.” Zhang Tu glanced at the certificate on the wall, then at the Price Menu next to it.

Without looking at the clearly marked washing and protection prices, his gaze settled on the fostering prices.

Immediately after, Zhang Tu couldn’t help but internally complain.

So expensive!

The foster care price here was much higher than at other Foster Shops in the outside world.

But… he still wanted to take a look.

“Alright, the Pet Beasts ready for Washing and Protection can now be summoned, if it’s Super Large Size, summon it inside the Washing and Protection room,” Xu Ran spoke proficiently.

“No rush, Boss Xu.” Zhang Tu smiled, “Just now at the door, I saw the Association’s staff awarding your shop a certificate…”

“Could I first take a look at your shop’s foster environment? My Pet Beast just finished its previous Foster Care Services.”

“Of course, there’s no problem,” Xu Ran was invigorated, his smile became even more pronounced as he pointed towards an elevator to the side, “Please walk this way.”

The two quickly entered the elevator and soon arrived on the second floor.

As the elevator doors opened, a vast and boundless Foster area appeared before Zhang Tu’s eyes.

“This…” Zhang Tu widened his eyes, “Is all this the Foster area?!”

The store front of Starfire Foster Care Shop was already very large.

Zhang Tu had never imagined that the interior would hide such a secret realm.

“That’s right, the entire second floor is the Foster area,” Xu Ran calmly stated, “To give Pet Beasts more space to move about, our shop used Space Expansion Technology to expand the Foster area several times.”@@novelbin@@

“Over there is the living area where the current residents, including the Combat Badger among others, have been staying,” Xu Ran had finished explaining the general situation of the Foster area and pointed towards the living area that had just been sectioned off for the ownerless Pet Beasts sent by the Association, including the Combat Badger.

These living areas each had their own unique features, tailored specifically for different Pet Beast Attributes’ living habits; not just that, there were also overlapping areas between them.

These overlapping areas took into consideration the lifestyles of different Pet Beasts, enabling them to live together, and enjoy happiness collectively.

This innovative customization approach was the inspiration Xu Ran had during his visit to Huiyun Foster Shop in Xieyun City.

And after such changes, the effect was immediately evident.

The Pleasure value of the fostered Pet Beasts comes from two aspects: one is the continuous Pleasure value from the comfortable environment, the other is from the Pleasure value brought by food.

After Xu Ran changed the foster model, allowing the Pet Beasts’ living areas to overlap with one another, the improvement of the former was very noticeable.

Having just settled into their new home, the ownerless Pet Beasts including the Combat Badger were all excited; they gathered together in the overlapping living area, cheering and jumping joyously, their overwhelming satisfaction made Zhang Tu momentarily lost in thought.

His mind swiftly flashed through the other Foster Shops in Monster Wooden City, but he had to admit, in front of Starfire Foster Care Shop, none could compete.

With such a Foster environment, it’s perfectly reasonable to charge a bit more!

Just as this thought emerged in Zhang Tu’s mind, Xu Ran’s introduction did not stop, “By the way, sir, what Growth stage is your Pet Beast?”

“General stage,” Zhang Tu responded subconsciously.

“Got it,” Xu Ran nodded slightly, indicating his understanding, “Our shop will customize different foods for feeding based on the taste preferences and physical growth status of different Pet Beasts. This is a daily diet list for a previously fostered General Stage Crack Golden Dragon.”

As he spoke, Xu Ran took out a long list and handed it to Zhang Tu.

“Since the species of your Pet Beast should differ from it, the food provided by our shop if you decide to foster your Pet Beast here, won’t be identical to what’s on the list,” Xu Ran paused for a moment, “But it can serve as a reference for a meal standard.”

“Sss…”

After reviewing the lengthy list from start to finish, Zhang Tu couldn’t help but take a sharp breath.

Just the resources on it that he recognized, if exchanged at the Beast Master Association, would cost more than three digits, not to mention some that he had never heard of that looked very rare.

And the price for General Stage Pet Beast foster care at Starfire Foster Care Shop was 266 Beast Master Points per day.

Zhang Tu, who previously thought the price was expensive, now only had one thought in his mind.

Doing business like this, are they really not losing money?!

“Foster care! Let’s do it now!”