Chapter 491 - 281: The Full Bloom Of Starfire Foster Care Shop

Chapter 491 - 281: The Full Bloom of Starfire Foster Care Shop

"Number fourteen, Du Tan."

A robust middle-aged man with a beard on his face that gave him a somewhat bandit-like appearance held a name list in hand and called out the next student to be tested in a full, resonant voice, while his gaze settled on a certain individual within the group.

For this student, who was scolded almost every time they had a class, Qi Yue had an indelible impression and even felt a sense of frustration at his lack of progress.

In his view, there were some issues with the nature of Du Tan's Healing Mushroom.

As a pure healing type Pet Beast, it only wanted to engage in combat, which was utterly nonsensical.

And Du Tan's indulgence towards the Healing Mushroom was equally problematic.

Beast Master, the focus is on the "Master" part.

If one couldn't control their own Pet Beast and only allowed it to train in the skills it liked based on its nature, that was definitely not the mark of a good Beast Master.

This was precisely why he was stricter with Du Tan than with other students, constantly telling him to be firmer and make the Healing Mushroom obediently train in healing type skills.

Thinking of this, Qi Yue crossed his arms and scrutinized Du Tan, who had stepped forward into the open space in front of him, with a hint of suspicion in his eyes.

This kid seemed a bit different today.

In previous classes, he had always been like a quail with its head tucked in, fearful of catching Qi Yue's attention, but today he stood at the very front, walking out with his head held high, looking quite confident.

Ah, this kid.

Qi Yue chuckled to himself and pointed to the healing skills testing target nearby, "Begin, let me see how your Pet Beast has improved over the past week."

"Alright." Du Tan nodded calmly and swiftly pointed at the healing target, "Mushie, use your healing skills on this target!"

"Goo?" (Healing?)

Upon hearing these two words, a flash of reluctance and hesitation crossed Healing Mushroom's eyes.

As expected, it's still the same...

Just as Qi Yue's anticipation had risen due to Du Tan's confidence upon entering the stage, he sighed inwardly after noticing the Healing Mushroom's reaction.

Du Tan, too, felt a pang of disappointment.

The Healing Mushroom was still resistant to healing.

Although it had undergone intensive training at Starfire Foster Care Shop, its nature wasn't that easily changed.

Luckily, Du Tan had a new tactic.

Via Contractual Sensing, he quickly spoke to Healing Mushroom, "Behave during the lesson, and after class, I'll take you to fight that puppet!"

"Goo?!" (Really?!)

In an instant, Healing Mushroom was sorely tempted!

Although that puppet was always getting injured, requiring it to interrupt the fight to heal, there was no denying that the puppet's exquisite combat skills provided significant insight. After an hour of combat, it felt its own swordsmanship had improved!

So, it had to go!

With the incentive of a sparring partner, Healing Mushroom's fighting spirit was ignited, and it stepped forward without hesitation, approaching the healing target closely.

Seeing this, Qi Yue was slightly taken aback.

It seemed his judgment might have been made too hastily.

Judging by the Healing Mushroom's current actions, it really seemed to have changed somewhat; he was just not sure how Du Tan had managed that.

His gaze turned to the test data display next to the healing target, as he picked up the data from the previous test.

Now, let's see how much progress Healing Mushroom has made over the past week!

The healing target was a dummy that closely resembled a human, riddled with deliberate injuries that could be treated and eliminated with healing type skills. The specific amount of healing could be measured by a specially designed detector.

Standing in front of the healing target, Healing Mushroom somehow found itself thinking of the puppet it fought with.

It wondered, if the healing target was completely healed, could it also fight with it...

With that thought, Healing Mushroom placed its hands on the healing target adeptly and three different healing skills descended all at once.

Hmm?

Noticing this, Qi Yue's eyes immediately lit up.

There truly was improvement!

Utilizing several healing skills at once also increased the consumption substantially. Previously, Healing Mushroom was unwilling to do so, opting to test each skill one by one.

At this moment, it had unhesitatingly used three skills simultaneously, which was a positive change.

Qi Yue's attention immediately shifted to the rapidly changing and then quickly stabilizing test data display.

[Healing Rate: 1872/second]

"This…" Seeing the specific results of the test, Qi Yue was even more surprised and couldn't help but glance down at the data in his hand.

Healing Spores: 216/second.

Fast Healing Acceleration: 423/second. @@novelbin@@

Healing of the Earth: 519/second.

In the previous test, Healing Mushroom had tested the three skills separately. Since the focus of each Two stars skill was different, the amounts of healing varied.

When casting all three skills together, the healing rate simply needed to be summed up.

By this calculation...

Healing Mushroom had improved the healing effectiveness of its three healing type skills by fifty percent in one week?!

Witnessing this remarkable improvement, a smile of satisfaction couldn't help but appear on Qi Yue's usually stern face.

He turned his head towards Healing Mushroom but then his expression froze slightly.

What was this Healing Mushroom doing?

Having completely healed all the wounds on the healing target, the Healing Mushroom, without anyone noticing, had transformed its sprout-like hands into two sharp longswords and was waving them about in the air, seemingly provoking the healing target for a bout of combat.