Chapter 497: 282: The Sparring Partner Is On Fire, Too?_3

Chapter 497: Chapter 282: The Sparring Partner is on Fire, Too?_3

After all, the condition of the Drowsy Egg is innate.

Therefore, there is only one solution to this problem

“Follow me.” Xu Ran took a deep breath and then signaled Zhao Hao and the Drowsy Egg to follow him into the rising elevator.

As the elevator doors closed behind them, the once quiet first floor of the shop immediately became bustling.

“Du Tan, do you think Boss Xu can solve Zhao Hao’s problem?” A classmate nudged Du Tan’s elbow, asking with curiosity, “Even Demon King Qi had nothing to say about Zhao Hao’s Drowsy Egg.”

The others nodded sympathetically.

They were all aware of the situation with Zhao Hao’s Pet Beast.

No matter what method Zhao Hao used to train the Drowsy Egg in Drowsy Gaze, it could not perform the skill well.

Could such a situation be improved with just one visit to Starfire Foster Care Shop?

“I don’t know either.” Du Tan shook his head slightly, then quickly changed his tune, “But I believe in Boss Xu.”@@novelbin@@

“Because the expression on his face just now was exactly the same as when he was conducting Intensive Training for my Healing Mushroom, which means he must be confident.”

Aside from Du Tan and a few classmates, other customers in the store were also eagerly discussing this.

After listening to Zhao Hao’s account of the Drowsy Egg’s situation, many people no longer believed that it could learn Drowsy Gaze.

After all, that was an inherent defect.

But there were some who had immense faith in Boss Xu, who had repeatedly worked miracles, believing that he might be able to do it.

If it weren’t for the fact that the training process could not be observed, at this moment the Superpower Training Area would probably have been packed with these curious customers.

Meanwhile, in the Superpower Training Area, Xu Ran was calmly taking out the training equipment for the Drowsy Egg.

It was… a pair of opaque eye masks.

Placing this mask over its eyes, the lifeless eyes of the Drowsy Egg would be perfectly covered.

“Boss Xu, what is this?” Zhao Hao couldn’t help but ask with curiosity as he watched Xu Ran put the mask on the Drowsy Egg.

“This is a training tool,” Xu Ran replied calmly.

“Huh?” Zhao Hao looked even more bewildered.

Listen to what you’re saying.

It’s Drowsy Gaze!

Gaze!

The Drowsy Egg already had poor eyesight, and now that both of its eyes were covered, how could it train in Drowsy Gaze?

Seeing the doubtful and confused expression on Zhao Hao’s face, Xu Ran did not immediately explain, but instead spoke softly, “Drowsy Egg, use Drowsy Gaze.”

“Woo?”

The Drowsy Egg made a sound of confusion but obediently followed Xu Ran’s instructions, quickly executing Drowsy Gaze.

Waves of invisible and strange power rapidly emerged from all around it, but as if unable to find a target to focus on, it quickly dissipated completely.

“As I suspected.” Xu Ran nodded slightly upon observing this.

“Boss Xu, my Drowsy Egg already has trouble properly using Drowsy Gaze without the blindfold, and now with it, success is even less likely,” Zhao Hao couldn’t help but murmur, “Are you really going to train it in Drowsy Gaze like this?”

However, upon hearing Zhao Hao’s question, Xu Ran quickly shook his head.

“Train in Drowsy Gaze? No, no, no.”

“What I’m going to train it in now is another skill.”

“Uh…what skill?” Zhao Hao scratched his head, still looking puzzled.

Wasn’t it agreed to train the Drowsy Egg in Drowsy Gaze?

How did it turn into another skill while training?

At that moment, a wave of doubt about Starfire Foster surged in his heart.

Could it be… Du Tan and the owner of this shop conspired to deceive them?

But Du Tan had no such motive…

While the plump Zhao Hao was contemplating various thoughts, Xu Ran spoke quietly, “Actually, the skill Drowsy Gaze isn’t related to eyesight.”

“It locks onto an opponent from a distance and releases Super ability Attribute power to make the opponent feel tired and dizzy,” Xu Ran paused slightly, “This lock-on requires a clear understanding of the opponent’s silhouette.”

“Therefore, when the Drowsy Egg uses Drowsy Gaze, it will first glance at the opponent to facilitate lock-on, then launch an attack, which leads many to think that a glance from the Drowsy Egg can make one sleepy.”

“In fact, there are some misunderstandings here.”

“But even if it’s as you say, what does that have to do with training?” Zhao Hao asked, a thoughtful expression on his face.

“It’s very relevant.” Xu Ran smiled, “Knowing the principle behind Drowsy Gaze, one only needs to enable the Drowsy Egg to detect the outline of the opponent’s body.”

“Seeing is the simplest and most direct method, but besides that, there are other ways to determine the opponent’s silhouette.”

1

“As long as the Drowsy Egg can master one, it can naturally use the skill Drowsy Gaze proficiently, which would fulfill your requirement.”

Xu Ran paused before continuing, “Judging from how the Drowsy Egg just performed Drowsy Gaze, its Proficiency is not low; it simply lacks the right target for lock-on.”

“So…” Xu Ran smiled, “Are you interested in having your Drowsy Egg learn a teaching skill with me?”

“This…” Listening to Xu Ran’s explanation, Zhao Hao’s eyes gradually brightened.

He finally understood what Xu Ran meant.

The issue with the Drowsy Egg’s vision was innate, and that was the main reason it couldn’t successfully use Drowsy Gaze.