Chapter 499: 283 The Secrets Of The Sky-Touching Mysterious Wood

Chapter 499: Chapter 283 The Secrets of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood

The Starfire Foster Care Shop not only offered excellent Washing and Protection Service, but the Foster Care Service and Accompanying Training Service were also remarkably newsworthy, spreading like wildfire through the night, slightly stirring up the Monster Wooden City.

Unfortunately, Xu Ran, who had already completed the stage task, could no longer display the Fame of the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Monster Wooden City. Otherwise, he would have found that the Fame had already surpassed fifty percent and was still climbing rapidly.

And all of this fermentation became evident on the following day.

Before the doors of the Starfire Foster Care Shop even opened, customers, drawn by its reputation, were already queuing up outside.

Unlike before, among these customers were not only those coming for Washing and Protection but also new patrons interested in the Foster and Training services.

They stood on the street bathed in the morning light, chatting quietly among themselves and occasionally looking toward the firmly shut doors of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, hoping to catch an early glimpse of the young yet mysterious owner of the foster shop.

But they were bound to be disappointed.

For the person who slowly opened the door and stepped out in response to the expectant crowd wasn’t Xu Ran, but a new, unfamiliar face.

“Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Starfire Foster Care Shop~” The newly promoted System store manager spoke with a clear, announcer’s voice, “I am the acting store manager, and today’s business officially begins!”

Although the crowd found something odd about the tone of the stranger, they were not in the mood to be concerned with that at the moment.@@novelbin@@

All they wanted to know was where Boss Xu had gone.

Suddenly, voices inquiring about Boss Xu’s whereabouts started to rise and fall outside the shop.

“The boss is out on business today, so I, along with two other clerks, will be dedicated to serving you all.” The System store manager smiled and gestured toward the two clerks behind him.

“We’ve all come for Boss Xu’s skills. If he’s not here, do you have the same level of expertise?” A customer couldn’t help but speak up, “Had I known this would happen, I wouldn’t have queued up today.”

“Yeah, yeah, with Boss Xu not here, I’ll come back tomorrow instead.”

“Me too…”

Many customers couldn’t help but voice their thoughts, their spirits dampening at the idea of the foster shop changing hands.

“Please rest assured, everyone. If the boss has entrusted the shop to us, he naturally believes we have the capability to maintain it,” the System store manager said loudly, then winked at a clerk behind him.

That System Clerk nodded slightly and stepped forward, speaking softly, “Since you’re already here, why not give us a try?”

For some reason, after hearing the clerk say “since you’re already here,” the idea of leaving that had dawned on the customers started to waver.

Indeed, since they were already there, why not give it a shot?

The customers who had spoken up about leaving were no longer so resolute.

The System store manager secretly gave the clerk a thumbs-up, then continued.

“Please come inside. Starting from today, the Starfire Foster will offer Washing and Protection services 24/7, and other services will be expanded accordingly.”

“We will provide each and every customer with the best possible service!”

Wow~

Hearing that the services at the Starfire Foster were going to improve and expand, a flicker of excitement appeared in the customers’ eyes.

This news made them forget all about the change in the shop’s management, and they swarmed in.

Seeing this, the System store manager snapped his fingers.

“Let’s get to work!”

—————–

Meanwhile, the absent Boss Xu, whom the customers thought of fondly, stood in front of the relatively low gates of Monster Wooden City, dressed in casual clothes and accompanied by three little creatures.

Whether it was Xu Ran sitting comfortably on Star’s back, Ziyun and Cancan also perched on Star’s back, or Star itself bearing the weight of one person and two pets — all had their eyes filled with intense curiosity and anticipation.

For today, they were embarking on a purposeless short trip, planning to visit as many wild Transcendent Beings within the Monster Wooden Domain as possible, and for the first time after nearly ten days in the Monster Wooden Domain, taking a good look at their neighbors.

This idea was not something Xu Ran whimsically thought up early in the morning.

In fact, on his first day in the Monster Wooden Domain, while overseeing the much more peaceful and harmonious domain from the sky compared to other areas of the Beast Field, he already had this notion.

However, with a focus on running the store, although he had once left to find the Thunder Dragon Stone that Cancan discovered during an adventure, the strong purpose of that trip made him miss much of the scenery along the way.

Now, easily… no, very easily having completed the Fame task for the Starfire Foster in the Monster Wooden Domain and with three new System Clerks to maintain the new store, Xu Ran could take a temporary break to do things outside of managing the shop.

Although it was still early morning, the city gates of Monster Wooden City were far from deserted. Numerous Beast Masters and ordinary people orderly made their way out of the city while many wild Transcendent Beings traveled in groups toward the city.

Though many wild Transcendent Beings preferred to enter the city via the Monster Wooden Marketplace, there were also many whose destination was not the market but other places within the city, making the city gates a suitable choice at this time.

After looking around, Xu Ran soon stood behind the departing crowd with the three little ones.

However, before they could leave, he was recognized.

“Lul?”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, just arriving at the city, stood next to Xu Ran and the three small creatures. It tilted its head, wearing an inquiring expression.