Chapter 498: 282: The Sparring Partner Is On Fire, Too?_4

Chapter 498: Chapter 282: The Sparring Partner is on Fire, Too?_4

If a skill could allow Drowsy Gaze to be used without the need for eyesight, then undoubtedly, it would be an indirect but effective solution.@@novelbin@@

“What skill is it?” Zhao Hao quickly asked.

“A One Star Super ability Attribute skill, Super Sensing,” Xu Ran said leisurely, providing an answer that brightened Zhao Hao’s eyes.

“Super Sensing?!” A look of surprise appeared in Zhao Hao’s eyes, “Will that work?”

He was not unfamiliar with this skill.

The One Star skill Super Sensing allows a Pet Beast to probe its surroundings using Super ability Attribute power.

It could be said to be the skill that Super ability Attribute Pet Beasts find easiest to learn later in life.

After all, Super ability Attribute Pet Beasts inherently possess stronger sensory abilities than Pet Beasts of other Attributes.

With specialized instruction, this skill can be mastered by a Super ability Attribute Pet Beast in just a day or two, and sometimes even faster.

“For the next two days, I will bring the Drowsy Egg to train Super Sensing!” Zhao Hao spoke earnestly.

“Two days?” Xu Ran blinked, then let out a laugh, “That won’t be necessary.”

He glanced at the Drowsy Egg, blindfolded and unaware of its surroundings, and rolled up his sleeves.

“Two minutes will suffice.”

—————–

As everyone on the first floor looked on in eager anticipation, Xu Ran walked out of the elevator with poise.

“Boss Xu, how did it go?” Du Tan asked anxiously, “Can the issue with my classmate’s Pet Beast be resolved?”

“You’re asking if I can do it?” Xu Ran smiled, “It’s already taken care of.”

“Oh, so it’s already… eh?” Du Tan blinked, then his expression turned to astonishment, “That fast?!”

From the time both individuals had entered the elevator to Xu Ran coming out alone, it had been at most ten minutes.

The problem was resolved in such a short amount of time?!

“Yes,” Xu Ran nodded with a calm expression, “It wasn’t a big problem. Teaching it a new skill to use in combination with Drowsy Gaze was enough to resolve the issue of poor eyesight.”

Upon hearing this, an eerie silence fell over the shop.

Listen to that, does that even make sense?

Is teaching a new skill such an easy matter?

Even the simplest of skills can’t possibly be taught in just a few minutes, right?

This foster care service of Boss Xu is a little too outrageous, isn’t it?

“It’s my turn, it’s my turn!” Just as everyone was still in a daze, another one of Du Tan’s classmates excitedly spoke up, “My Pet Beast needs training too!”

The other classmates quickly came to their senses.

“No way! Let me go first!”

“I was the first to step in the door with my left foot; let it be me!”

“The fortune-teller said I’m missing a ‘two’ in my life today, so let me be the second!”

“…”

Watching the clients argue with each other, Xu Ran shook his head with a smile.

“Everyone, one at a time!”

—————–

“Training Drowsy Gaze? No, no, no.”

“What I’m going to train it on now is another skill.”

“Huh… What skill?” Zhao Hao scratched his head, still looking confused.

Wasn’t the plan to train the Drowsy Egg in Drowsy Gaze?

How did it change to another skill while they were in the midst of training?

At this moment, a doubt about Starfire Foster Care Shop sprang up in his mind.

Could it be… that Du Tan and the owner of this shop had colluded to deceive them?

But Du Tan had no motive for that…

As Zhao Hao, the chubby boy, pondered various thoughts, Xu Ran spoke in a quiet voice, “Actually, the skill Drowsy Gaze has nothing to do with eyesight.”

“It locks onto the opponent from afar, releasing the Super ability Attribute power to make the opponent feel drowsy and dizzy,” Xu Ran paused slightly, “And this locking mechanism requires a clear knowledge of the opponent’s physical outline.”

“So, when the Drowsy Egg casts Drowsy Gaze, it must first look at its opponent to lock on before launching its attack. This has made many people believe that the Drowsy Egg’s Drowsy Gaze can make people sleepy with just one glance.”

“Actually, there are some misconceptions here.”

“But even if it’s as you say, what does this have to do with training?” Zhao Hao asked with a thoughtful expression on his face.

“The connection is quite significant,” Xu Ran said with a smile. “Once you understand the principle behind Drowsy Gaze, you just need to give the Drowsy Egg a way to discern the outline of its opponent’s body.”

“Seeing is the simplest and most direct method, but aside from that, there are other ways to perceive the opponent’s body outline.”

“As long as the Drowsy Egg masters one, it can naturally execute the Drowsy Gaze skill normally, which would also meet your requirement.”

Xu Ran paused and then continued, “Considering how the Drowsy Egg just used Drowsy Gaze, its proficiency is not low; it’s just lacking a suitable target to lock onto.”

“So…” Xu Ran said with a smile, “are you interested in letting your Drowsy Egg learn a teaching skill from me?”

“This…” Hearing Xu Ran’s explanation, Zhao Hao’s eyes gradually lit up.

He finally understood Xu Ran’s point.

The Drowsy Egg’s problem with vision was congenital, which was the primary reason it couldn’t successfully use Drowsy Gaze.

If it could overcome the requirement for vision through a skill, it would undoubtedly be an ingenious workaround.

“What skill is it?” Zhao Hao asked quickly.

“A One Star Super ability Attribute skill, Super Sensing,” Xu Ran said leisurely, giving an answer that made Zhao Hao’s eyes shine.

“Super Sensing?!” Surprise flashed in Zhao Hao’s eyes, “That will do it?”

He was not unfamiliar with this skill.

One Star skill Super Sensing allowed a Pet Beast to detect its surroundings using Super ability Attribute power.

It could be said to be the easiest skill for a Super ability Attribute Pet Beast to learn.

After all, Super ability Attribute Pet Beasts naturally possess stronger sensory abilities than other Attribute Pet Beasts.

With proper instruction, this skill could be mastered by a Super ability Attribute Pet Beast in just one or two days, and sometimes even faster.

“For the next two days, I will be training the Drowsy Egg in Super Sensing!” declared Zhao Hao earnestly.

“Two days?” Xu Ran blinked, then chuckled, “There’s no need for such trouble.”

He glanced at the Drowsy Egg, which couldn’t see its surroundings with its eye mask, and rolled up his sleeves.

“Two minutes will suffice.”

—————–

As everyone on the first floor waited eagerly, Xu Ran walked out of the elevator with grace.

“Boss Xu, how did it go?” Du Tan asked anxiously, “Can my classmate’s Pet Beast’s problem be solved?”

“Are you asking if I could do it?” Xu Ran smiled, “It’s been solved already.”

“Oh, so it’s already…eh?” Du Tan blinked and then his face turned to shock, “That fast?!”

From when the two of them entered the elevator to Xu Ran coming out alone, it hadn’t even been ten minutes in total.

Could the issue really be resolved in such a short time?!

“Yeah.” Xu Ran nodded nonchalantly, “It wasn’t a big problem. I just taught it a new skill to use in combination with Drowsy Gaze, and that solved the vision issue.”

After these words, an eerie silence fell over the shop.

Listen up, is that even possible?

Teaching a new skill, is it really that simple? Even the simplest skill couldn’t possibly be taught within just a few minutes, could it?

Isn’t Boss Xu’s coaching service a bit too incredible?

“It’s my turn now, it’s my turn!” Just as everyone was still stunned, another of Du Tan’s classmates spoke up excitedly, “My Pet Beast needs coaching too!”

The other classmates quickly came to their senses.

“No way! Let me go first!”

“I stepped in the door with my left foot first, so let me go!”

“The fortune-teller said I’m missing a two in my life today, let me be the second!”

“…”

Watching the customers argue with each other, Xu Ran shook his head and chuckled.

“Everyone, one at a time!”