Chapter 492: 281: The Full Bloom Of Starfire Foster Care Shop_2

Chapter 492: Chapter 281: The Full Bloom of Starfire Foster Care Shop_2

By its side, Du Tan’s expression was awkward to the extreme.

“No… Big brother! This isn’t that Combat Puppet!”

He, who had intercepted the Healing Mushroom first, couldn’t help but wipe the cold sweat from his forehead and a strange thought suddenly emerged in his mind.

Could it be… that in the future, the Healing Mushroom, after healing each patient, would feel the urge to size up and compete with them?!

“Alright, this time your Healing Mushroom has made significant progress,” Qi Yue, not minding the Healing Mushroom’s strange behavior just now, took out a pen and quickly recorded the new test data of the Healing Mushroom. “This is commendable.”

“I have said before that the relationship between Pet Beasts and Beast Masters is one of equality. Although one party cannot forcefully command the other, there can’t be a one-sided accommodation without limits either. Both parties need to work towards a better partnership through adjustments.”

“It seems you’ve taken my words to heart,” Qi Yue paused in his note-taking and looked toward Du Tan. “Fall back, next one.”

“Number fifteen, Du Yueyue.”

A cute girl stepped out from the line, and Du Tan, for the first time not getting scolded in Demon King Qi’s class, floated back to his seat amidst the admiring glances of other students.

“Hey hey~” A chubby boy sitting next to Du Tan nudged him with his elbow and winked, “Brother Du, how did you do it? Share some tips with your brother, eh?”

“Zhao Hao,” Du Tan said with a smile, looking at the chubby boy.

This chubby boy named Zhao Hao shared the same troubles that he had faced earlier: being too indulgent with their Pet Beast while the Pet Beast was too headstrong.

As a result, Zhao Hao had also received his fair share of scoldings in Demon King Qi’s classes.

Of course, the specific situation of the other party’s Pet Beast was not the same as Du Tan’s.

With this in mind, Du Tan understood why Zhao Hao was asking him this. However, he couldn’t help but show a bitter smile on his face.

People who were close knew their own affairs. The change in the Healing Mushroom wasn’t because it had listened to Demon King Qi. It was because of that magical shop called Starfire Foster Care Shop.

“Zhao Hao, actually…”

“You over there, stop talking!” Demon King Qi’s rebuke made Du Tan quickly shut his mouth. Even Zhao Hao, who had been all ears, shivered and stood straight obediently.

But his hands behind his back weren’t so obedient, quickly gesturing a “we’ll talk after class” signal to Du Tan.

Seeing this, Du Tan nodded in understanding.

Time ticked away, and soon all the students completed their tests, and the bell signalling the end of class timely rang out. After Qi Yue’s dismissive “dismissed,” the students scattered like birds and animals, leaving in groups.

Including Zhao Hao, five or six students immediately surrounded Du Tan.

Most of them shared a similar situation to Du Tan’s. They often got scolded in Demon King Qi’s class and now they all wanted to know how Du Tan managed to achieve such a significant change in his Pet Beast.

“Quiet, quiet. I know what you all want to ask,” Du Tan coughed softly, sneakily glancing at Demon King Qi as he walked away, then began to speak, “Actually, the reason my Healing Mushroom changed like this is that I went to a shop.”

“A shop?” Zhao Hao strained to widen his small eyes, quickly pressing for details. “What shop?”

The other students didn’t speak, but their eyes were filled with the same question.

“It’s a Foster Shop. As you know, Foster Shops offer Accompanying Training Services. I just had that shop train the Healing Mushroom’s healing type Skills, which resulted in such great progress.”

Upon hearing Du Tan’s words, the student’s expectant gazes quickly dimmed.

“What the… Du Tan, that’s not cool!” One of the students couldn’t help but pout and complain. “We all know that the Accompanying Training Services at Foster Shops can enhance the skills of Pet Beasts.”

“But our problem is that the Pet Beasts refuse to cooperate with training!”

The other students nodded in agreement.

Accompanying Training requires the willing participation of the Pet Beast.

It’s like finding a tutor for a child; if the child doesn’t want to learn, it’s no use hiring one.

“No no no, other Foster Shops won’t do,” Du Tan chuckled, unoffended. “Starfire Foster can, their Accompanying Training Service is simply unparalleled.”

“Starfire Foster Shop?” Zhao Hao’s face showed a hint of surprise. “I know this shop. Their Washing and Protection services are terrific. I even took my Boiling Ape there a few days ago.”

“But I’ve never heard that their Accompanying Training Service is anything special,” Zhao Hao said with a puzzled expression. “Moreover, their service is several times more expensive than other Foster Shops.”

“There’s a reason behind the higher price,” Du Tan patted Zhao Hao’s shoulder and said earnestly, “Before Boss Xu trained my Healing Mushroom, I also thought the price was high, but after the training, I didn’t feel that way at all!”

Seeing the doubtful looks on the other students’ faces, Du Tan chuckled, “Don’t be skeptical. Let me tell you about that time.”

“When I went there, I didn’t expect Boss Xu to be able to train the Healing Mushroom’s healing type Skills. I just wanted him to help train its Vine Slash to the Waning Moon Level.”@@novelbin@@

“Guess what happened?”

As he mentioned the training plan, Du Tan couldn’t help but show a hint of awe on his face, “That plan was just incredible!”