Chapter 500: 283 The Secrets Of The Sky-Touching Mysterious Wood_2

Chapter 500: Chapter 283 The Secrets of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood_2

It came to the city today specifically to seek Xu Ran at the Starfire Foster Care Shop and ask for a favor, never expecting to encounter the very person it was looking for the moment it entered the city.

“Eh? Ground Raccoon Clan Leader, you’re here too.” Xu Ran smiled and waved his hand, noticing the slightly odd expression in the other’s eyes, he suddenly felt as though he’d been caught slacking off at work, “Today I’m planning to leave the city, and I’ve left the store to my employees.”

“Loo!”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader nodded in understanding.@@novelbin@@

So that’s what it was all about.

But did Starfire Foster have employees? It had never seen them before.

No matter, important matters take precedence.

“Loo~”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader extended a hand and stopped Xu Ran, who was about to exit the city, then made a series of sounds, accompanied by gestures, to communicate with Xu Ran.

“Uh… celebration? festival? invitation?”

After a round of charades, Xu Ran finally grasped the other party’s meaning.

“Today, your Ground Raccoon Tribe and other nearby Extraordinary Creature Races are holding a celebration ceremony for the new members of each race, and you plan to invite me to attend?”

“Loo!”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader nodded vigorously, a smile on its face.

For wild Transcendent Beings, reproduction was far more difficult than for ordinary creatures, and for this reason, each newborn member was extremely important to the community-based Extraordinary Creature Races.

Every year, the Ground Raccoon Tribe and a few other friendly races would come together to celebrate the newly born members of their respective tribes. This was not only a celebration for newborns but also served as a bridge to maintain friendships between different races.

Now, with this year’s celebration about to begin, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader suddenly thought of Xu Ran.

This was one of the few humans it recognized and approved of.

Thus, it wanted to try inviting Xu Ran to see if he would accept the invitation.

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader had been worried that its invitation might affect Xu Ran’s management of his shop, but now it seemed that this worry could be put to rest.

“Such a coincidence?” There was also a hint of surprise on Xu Ran’s face.

He hadn’t expected to have just enough downtime to coincide with their celebration.

According to the Ground Raccoon, in addition to itself and the Earth Rock Rat, races that Xu Ran was already familiar with, there would be quite a few other races he had never interacted with involved in the event.

This piqued Xu Ran’s interest immediately.

Looking at each other, Xu Ran and the three little beasts quickly reached a consensus.

Let’s check it out!

“In that case, let’s go have a look,” Xu Ran said with a smile, “Thank you for the invitation, but…”

He paused slightly, “I need to make a quick stop back home to grab a few things.”

You can’t show up to someone’s celebration empty-handed; you’ve got to bring some essentials.

Not tableware but Washing and Protection supplies.

The celebration described by the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader had some similarities to a christening Xu Ran had in mind. Considering this, he thought maybe he could put his expertise to good use during the event.

It would serve as a thank-you to the tribes that invited him.

And, incidentally…

He would also get to see how customers were taking to the three new employees at the shop.

Thinking of the three new employees and their style, which ran in the same vein as their predecessors, Xu Ran’s expression became a bit peculiar.

“Loo~”

The Ground Raccoon Clan Leader nodded slightly, indicating it was no problem.

Although it didn’t know what Xu Ran was going to fetch, it had plenty of patience; after all, there was still a fair amount of time before the celebration began.

Watching Xu Ran’s retreating figure, the Ground Raccoon Clan Leader decided to head towards the small market near the city gate.

While Xu Ran was still away, it seemed a good idea to buy some human candies and snacks at the market; the various tribes all enjoyed eating these items.

Especially the kinds with nuts.

On the other hand, carried swiftly by Star, Xu Ran soon arrived at the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

Seeing the well-ordered queue outside the shop, he breathed a sigh of relief.

It seemed that in his absence, the three new employees had maintained order in the shop quite well.

Xu Ran’s appearance also caused a small stir among the waiting customers.

“Boss Xu is back—are you going to manage the shop today?” One of the customers couldn’t help but ask.

Even though the acting store manager had assured them that their service would not be inferior to Xu Ran’s, in the hearts of these untried customers, Xu Ran was obviously the most reliable.

Hearing this, the other customers also looked on expectantly.

“Uh, sorry.” Facing the customers’ expectations, Xu Ran cleared his throat and bowed slightly, “I have other matters to attend to today, so the operation of the shop will be left to the three employees.”

“However, their service is no different from mine, and everyone can rest assured in choosing us. Trust in our Starfire Foster Shop,” Xu Ran sincerely said, nodding towards the System store manager who had come out in response to the noise.

With Xu Ran personally vouching for him, the crowd placed more trust in what the acting manager had said earlier.

Although they were still disappointed that Xu Ran would not be serving their Pet Beasts today, the customers were understanding.

If only they knew that Xu Ran’s “other matters” involved going out for fun, their thoughts might have changed a bit.

After calming the customers’ emotions, Xu Ran signaled the three little beasts to wait at the entrance and then hurried into the shop.