Chapter 609 - 314: Mutated Race, The Unquenchable Flame!_2

Clearly, this was a stark contrast to the overbearing and powerful Flame Melting Turtles they had anticipated.

At the moment, they looked like they were performing in a circus, comically entertaining.

"Let’s check out the others," some Beast Masters couldn’t help but shake their heads before turning to walk to the next enclosure.

Meanwhile, Cancan, who stood behind Xu Ran, suddenly had his eyes light up.

These guys are so interesting!

Its playful nature couldn’t help but mimic them, trying to roll around quickly like those Flame Melting Turtles.

However, it wasn’t long before Cancan silently stopped its actions.

Its head was stuck by the dragon horns, unable to retract...

Dammit!

With a hint of regret, Cancan ceased its movements, eyes filled with envy as it watched the intertwined rolling shells.

"Xi Lu~"

Star whinnied softly, tapping its hoof on Cancan’s shell as a gesture of comfort.

Ahead, the conversation between Xu Ran and Song Xuan resumed.

"Boss Xu, what’s the reason for these Flame Melting Turtles’ behavior?" Song Xuan, no longer concerned with the guests who had left, picked up her pen and paper and looked at Xu Ran with eyes brimming with curiosity.

"They’re clearing the sedimentary rock around their shells," Xu Ran understood their intention with just a glance.

"The shell of a Flame Melting Turtle is like a little volcano, constantly erupting magma from the center, flowing down its shell and solidifying at the edges, causing the shell to gradually expand."

"As the shell expands, the Flame Melting Turtle itself will also grow and become bigger, which is an inevitable part of its lifecycle."

"However, in most cases, the growth rate of the Flame Melting Turtle’s shell far exceeds the rate of its body’s growth, making the shell excessively heavy and severely impacting their movement and normal life."

"Therefore, Flame Melting Turtles kept as Pet Beasts often need to go to the Foster Shop for Washing and Protection to remove those redundant sedimentary rock shells," Xu Ran paused, "and what these Flame Melting Turtles are doing has a similar motive."

"It might look like play, but it effectively rubs away the overly deposited material on the shell’s edges, keeping them in better physical condition."

At this point, a smile appeared on Xu Ran’s face, "If the Pet Beasts at your base were all this trouble-free, the workload for washing and protection would be greatly reduced, and I’d have to offer you a discount."

"Thank you, Boss Xu," Song Xuan quickly noted down what Xu Ran had just said and smiled, "There’s no need for a discount. The information you’ve shared is so precious, how could I take advantage of you?"

"I just happen to know a bit more," Xu Ran said nonchalantly, shaking his head without much concern.

After observing the health of these Flame Melting Turtles for a while longer, Xu Ran followed Song Xuan into the next area of the Pet Beasts’ habitat.

There were creatures known as Fire-tailed Bears.

The Fire-tailed Bear species were also regulars at the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

In appearance, they were very similar to ordinary bears, with fur colors reminiscent of flames, the only special feature being their distinctive tail.

The tail of a Fire-tailed Bear was a flame that burned fiercely and never extinguished.

This flame clung to its fur without igniting it and was a part of its body.

This was also the origin of its name.

Following Song Xuan into the Fire-tailed Bear’s activity area, Xu Ran soon saw several amiable Fire-tailed Bears.

Some were chewing on their favorite food, Fire Bamboo, while others were playfully frolicking with vigor, a delightful sight for anyone to see.

Not far from the Fire-tailed Bears, several Beast Masters stood ready to choose, and Xu Ran even spotted someone familiar.

It was the father and son who had been ahead of him when they entered the base.

The conversation between this father and son duo entered his ears once again.

"These Fire-tailed Bears aren’t bad, right? I told you, Green Bud’s Pet Beasts are quite decent," the father said with a smile, "How about we contract one of the Fire-tailed Bears?"

"They’re so-so, at least better than the previous ones," the son still sounded a bit stubborn, but his eyes showed a growing interest.

These Fire-tailed Bears did indeed seem quite normal.

However, before arriving here, the son had personally witnessed many abnormal behaviors of the Pet Beasts at the Green Bud Base, leaving him somewhat wary.

Who knows whether these Fire-tailed Bears might suddenly start acting up the next second?

As the saying goes, what you fear is what you get.

The next second, what he feared really happened.

A Fire-tailed Bear finished gnawing the Fire Bamboo in its hand, lazily stood up from the ground, and then pressed its butt against the rock behind it, wiggling from side to side.

Its tail of pure flame scorched back and forth across the rock, quickly leaving a deep black char mark.

Seemingly influenced by this Fire-tailed Bear, the others also put down what they were doing, found rocks closest to them, and started rubbing and wriggling in the same way.

This pose...

It looked rather indecent.

"Look at the burn marks on these rocks!" one of the Beast Masters suddenly pointed at the rocks around them and exclaimed.

Everyone turned to look and belatedly realized that every rock had similar horizontal char marks.

Previously, they had thought these were caused by something else, but now it was clear that the Fire-tailed Bears had scorched them with the flames on their rear ends.

The Beast Masters who were just now quite taken with the bears once again showed an array of expressions on their faces.@@novelbin@@