Chapter 607 - 313 Green Bud Pet Beast Breeding Base_4

The three little ones each reined in their auras and followed closely behind, looking around curiously.

Clearly, such an experience was also a first for them.

In front of Xu Ran, a father and son were lined up, and their conversation quickly drew Xu Ran’s attention.

"Dad, my classmate said that Green Bud’s Pet Beasts are all kind of abnormal. Do we really need to pick a Pet Beast here?"

"It’s always good to shop around. Green Bud is, after all, an established Pet Beast Breeding Base in Bright Radiance City. Let’s have a look first, and if it’s really not up to snuff, I’ll take you to another breeding base to check them out."

"Alright then, it’s a deal," the boy agreed reluctantly, his lack of hope evident in his manner.

Hearing the two clearly from behind, Xu Ran stroked his chin, a look of curiosity growing on his face.

Green Bud’s Pet Beasts... abnormal?

What kind of abnormalities are we talking about?@@novelbin@@

After a moment’s thought, he extended a hand to pat the shoulder of the boy in front of him and then asked cheerfully, "Young man, it’s my first time here. Can you tell me what’s so abnormal about Green Bud’s Pet Beasts?"

"Well, there’s a lot to tell," the boy said with a hint of exasperation. "Green Bud’s Ripple Fish tend to climb trees together, Flame Heart Pigs like taking baths, Stone Monsters tear down the house every so often, Little Electrics discharge everywhere, and then there’s..."

"Enough! Don’t go on," the boy was about to continue but was stopped by his father, who patted him on the shoulder and gave an apologetic smile to Xu Ran, "Sorry about that. Kids will say the darndest things. Green Bud isn’t that bad."

"However, the previous manager of Green Bud passed away two years ago, and ever since his granddaughter took over, there have indeed been some changes."

Xu Ran nodded slightly, touched his chin, and looked thoughtful.

Ripple Fish are a water attribute Pet Beast.

Hearing that Ripple Fish climb trees does sound quite bizarre.

But...

Xu Ran had a much deeper understanding of many Pet Beasts than the average person and he knew that Ripple Fish have a very special trait.

They prefer high places.

Flame Heart Pigs are a Fire Attribute Pet Beast.

It’s well known that Fire Attribute Pet Beasts naturally dislike contact with water and are very averse to bathing, which involves prolonged contact with water.

But... Flame Heart Pigs are a bit different.

Though they have flesh and blood bodies, their hearts are almost elementally transformed, existing in the form of flames.

This gives them an extremely high internal temperature.

This internal temperature, when radiated outward, can make the Flame Heart Pig’s epidermis overheat, which doesn’t harm their health but does cause changes in their temperament.

When overheated, the Flame Heart Pig’s strength is somewhat enhanced, but they become more restless and lack stability.

Many people probably see this as a flaw in the Flame Heart Pig’s nature, but their overheated state can actually be controlled with a very simple physical cooling method.

Right, taking baths.

Besides, the abnormal behavior of the Stone Monster and the Little Electric, as mentioned by the boy, also made sense to Xu Ran and seem to have their own internal logic and necessity.

In other words, these behaviors that appear abnormal to others, are, in fact, normal.

Far from lowering his opinion of the Green Bud Base, the boy’s words piqued Xu Ran’s curiosity even more about what went on inside.

Did Miss Song Xuan, who came in the morning, truly understand the habits of Pet Beasts?

Or was it due to some other reason?

Xu Ran didn’t have to wait too long. While he was talking with the father and son in front of him, the line in front of him had gradually moved into the base, and now it was his turn.

Entering the interior of the base, what caught the eye was an open space and, at the center of this space, a signpost. Next to the signpost was a rack with guide maps placed on it, available for visitors to take and familiarize themselves with the internal layout of the Green Bud Pet Beast Breeding Base.

All of this, curiously enough, resembled the zoos from Xu Ran’s previous life.

Xu Ran stepped forward, grabbed a guide map, and glanced over it for a moment, quickly making sure.

It wasn’t just similar, it was practically identical.

Aside from the animals in the park being replaced with Pet Beasts, which one could choose to pay for and take away after, the breeding base wasn’t much different from a zoo at all.

"Welcome to Green Bud Pet Beast Breeding Base, we hope that everyone here can find a companion worthy of a lifetime’s partnership, and we wish you all a pleasant life!"

A familiar voice came to Xu Ran’s ears through the speakers. Xu Ran looked around and soon spotted a slender silhouette holding the sound equipment.

Sensing Xu Ran’s gaze, Song Xuan looked towards Xu Ran’s direction. After recognizing him, a look of surprise and astonishment appeared on her face.

She handed the sound equipment to another staff member next to her, gave a few quick instructions, then hurried over to Xu Ran.

"Boss Xu, how come you didn’t tell me you were coming?"

"I was just casually looking around; I didn’t want to trouble you," Xu Ran replied with a polite smile.

"How can you say that? Let me take you around; I know this place best." Song Xuan smiled, took the guide map from Xu Ran’s hand, and put it back on the rack where it was before.

Xu Ran: "..."

"Please follow me this way," Song Xuan gestured to Xu Ran and then walked towards the nearest passage, "Over here is the living area for the Wind attribute Pet Beasts, where there are four types of Wind Pet Beasts to choose from, totaling 29 individuals."

Xu Ran nodded in understanding and followed Song Xuan towards the passage.

No sooner had they entered the passage than a petite and agile Pet Beast dashed swiftly towards them and, with a graceful leap, landed in Song Xuan’s arms.

Only then did Xu Ran see clearly that it was a Wind-attribute blue-spotted cat.

The blue-spotted cat’s condition wasn’t good, with several obvious wounds on its body. Although the wounds were healing and it seemed to be receiving decent treatment, they hadn’t healed completely yet.

"Is the blue-spotted cat one of your base’s four Wind-type species?" Xu Ran asked casually.

"No," Song Xuan shook her head, "The four Wind-type species at our Pet Beast Breeding Base are the Windbreaker Eagle, Wind God Deer, Azure Heron Dragon, and Cloud Crossing Kite. This blue-spotted cat just occasionally comes here to play because the environment is very conducive to Wind types."

"This poor little one hasn’t been at the base for long, and usually, I personally take care of it," Song Xuan said, stroking the cat’s head with sympathy, "Those four species are all easy to get along with, they don’t bully it."

"Is that so…" Xu Ran nodded slightly.

He was aware of the four species Song Xuan mentioned.

Each of the species naturally possessed four Two stars Skills and were top-tier Leader Species, which wasn’t unusual for a Second Level Town.

After listening to Song Xuan, he grew more interested in the blue-spotted cat in her arms, "Does this little fellow also need Washing and Protection?"

"It still has injuries; I’m not sure if it can…"

"It can," Xu Ran assured her, "Not only that, but by incorporating some resources that help with healing during the Washing and Protection process, it can speed up its recovery."

"Then let’s do it together!" Song Xuan spoke without hesitation.

The blue-spotted cat seemed to understand their conversation as well and poked its head out to "meow" at Xu Ran, expressing its thanks.

"So, why did this blue-spotted cat get injured?" Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask, driven by curiosity.

From Song Xuan’s words, he could infer that the blue-spotted cat’s injuries definitely weren’t caused by Song Xuan.

"About that..." Song Xuan paused, her eyes filling with dissatisfaction, "It’s the Wind Cloud Pet Beast Breeding Base next door."

"This blue-spotted cat, I accidentally found it in their base."