Chapter 605 - 313 Green Bud Pet Beast Breeding Base_2

The appearance of this situation likely indicated some management problems at the Green Bud Pet Beast Breeding Base.

With no intention to criticize other people’s businesses, Xu Ran’s trip was solely to inspect the actual conditions of the Pet Beasts within the breeding base.

After a brief observation, Xu Ran walked towards the entrance gate and stood at the end of the line, waiting to enter.

The three little ones reined in their presence and followed closely behind, curiously sizing up their surroundings.

Clearly, this kind of experience was also a first for them.

In front of Xu Ran stood a father and son, whose conversation quickly caught Xu Ran’s attention.

"Dad, my classmate said that the Pet Beasts from Green Bud are kind of abnormal, do we really have to choose Pet Beasts here?"

"We should compare goods from different stores," the father answered, "Green Bud is after all a well-established Pet Beast Breeding Base in Bright Radiance City. Let’s have a look first and if it’s really not suitable, I’ll take you to another breeding base."

"Alright then, it’s a deal," the boy reluctantly nodded, clearly without much hope for this trip.

Overhearing their conversation from behind, Xu Ran stroked his chin, his face showing increased curiosity.

The Pet Beasts from Green Bud... not quite normal?

What kind of abnormal?

After a moment of thought, he reached out a hand and patted the shoulder of the boy in front, then asked with a chuckle, "Little brother, it’s my first time here, can you tell me what’s abnormal about Green Bud’s Pet Beasts?"

"Well, there’s a lot to say about that," the boy said with a somewhat speechless expression, "Green Bud’s Misty Wave Fish tend to climb trees en masse, Flame Heart Pigs enjoy bathing, Stone Monsters tear the house down every now and then, Electricia microbells discharge electricity everywhere, and..."

"Enough! Stop talking," the boy’s father interrupted as he was about to continue, patting his son’s shoulder and smiling apologetically at Xu Ran, "I’m sorry, kids speak their mind without thinking, Green Bud isn’t that bad."

"However, since the original manager of Green Bud passed away two years ago, and his granddaughter took over, Green Bud has indeed undergone some changes."

Xu Ran nodded slightly, touching his chin, and had a thoughtful look on his face.

Misty Wave Fish are a Water Attribute Pet Beast.

The idea of the Misty Wave Fish climbing trees did indeed sound quite bizarre.

But...

Xu Ran had a deeper understanding of many Pet Beasts than most people, and he knew that Misty Wave Fish had a rather special trait. Experience more on mvl

They liked high places.

Flame Heart Pig is a Fire Attribute Pet Beast.@@novelbin@@

As is commonly known, Fire Attribute Pet Beasts naturally loathe contact with water and are averse to bathing, which involves prolonged exposure to water.

But... the Flame Heart Pig is a bit different.

Although this species has a flesh and blood body, the heart is almost elemental, existing in the form of a flame.

This results in an extremely high internal temperature.

This internal temperature radiated outward makes the surface of the Flame Heart Pig overheat, which does not affect its health but does cause a change in its temperament.

Under overheat conditions, the strength of the Flame Heart Pig is somewhat enhanced, but its temperament becomes more restless and lacks composure.

Many people might consider this a character flaw of the Flame Heart Pig, but its overheat status can actually be controlled with simple physical cooling methods.

That’s right, bathing.

Beyond this, the odd behaviors of the Stone Monster and Electricia microbell mentioned by the boy earlier also had their own internal logic and necessity in Xu Ran’s eyes.

In other words, what appeared to be abnormal behavior to outsiders were actually normal.

The boy’s words not only did not lower Xu Ran’s impression of Green Bud Base, but rather increased his curiosity about the interior.

Was Miss Song Xuan, who visited this morning, really so knowledgeable about the nature of Pet Beasts?

Or was it due to some other reason?

Xu Ran didn’t have to wait long, as, during his conversation with the father and son in front, the line had moved forward, and it was his turn to enter the base.

Inside the base, he was greeted by an open space and a signpost in the center of the clearing. Next to the signpost was a rack with guide maps available for visitors to take and understand the internal layout of Green Bud Pet Beast Breeding Base.

All of this seemed a bit like a zoo from his previous life.

Xu Ran stepped forward to take a guide map, opened it, and quickly confirmed.

Not similar, but almost exactly the same.

Except for the fact that the animals in the park had been replaced with Pet Beasts and could be chosen and taken away after paying, the breeding base was hardly different from a zoo.

"Welcome to Green Bud Pet Beast Breeding Base, we hope you can find a companion worthy of lifelong kinship here, and we wish you a happy life!"

A familiar voice reached Xu Ran’s ears through a megaphone, and he looked around to see a slender figure holding the amplification equipment.

Sensing Xu Ran’s gaze, Song Xuan looked in his direction, and upon recognizing him, surprise and astonishment crossed her face.

She handed the megaphone to another staff member next to her, gave a few quick instructions, then hurried over to Xu Ran.

"Boss Xu, why didn’t you tell me you were coming?"

"I was just taking a casual look, didn’t want to bother you," Xu Ran said with a polite smile.

"No trouble at all, let me show you around, I know this place best," Song Xuan smiled, took the guide map from Xu Ran’s hands, and placed it back on the rack.

Xu Ran: "..."

"Please follow me this way," Song Xuan gestured to Xu Ran and then headed towards the nearest path, "Over here is the living area for Wind Attribute Pet Beasts, where there are four types of Wind Pet Beasts to choose from, a total of 29."