Chapter 613 - 315: The First Resident Of The Foster Area_2

Four Stars and above, with a relatively urgent Washing and Protection requirement and not many in number, prioritizing their care won’t hinder the improvement of Fame, which Xu Ran had already pointed out during his earlier inspection.

"No problem," Song Xuan nodded without hesitation, lifting the notes in his hand with a grateful expression, "And I have to thank you for sharing this knowledge today. I believe with this, everyone’s impression of the Pet Beasts in the base will greatly change."

"I just hope these excellent Pet Beasts can quickly find suitable Beast Masters," Xu Ran spoke, pausing briefly, before turning to look at the little one close behind him, who was covered in flame-colored fur, "Besides, you’ve already given me a thank-you gift."

After leaving the Fire-tailed Bear’s living area, Number Six, who had decided to follow Xu Ran, joined the visiting group, following close behind him just like the three little ones.

Initially, it was somewhat unfamiliar with Cancan and Ziyun, but this sense of unfamiliarity quickly dissipated as the three little ones exchanged words with it.

It could be considered to have preliminarily integrated into the group.

"It’s also lucky for Number Six to be able to follow you," Song Xuan said with a smile, before suddenly reminding him, "However, Boss Xu, ’Number Six’ is just its codename. When you take it back, you can give it a nicer sounding name."

"Don’t worry," Xu Ran nodded earnestly, "My naming skills are quite high."

Hearing this, Ziyun, who had been whispering with the other three little ones, suddenly took on a strange expression.

It wondered how the guy who almost named it "Electra" convinced himself he had high naming skills...

"It’s getting late, and I have business this afternoon, so I’ll take my leave now," perceiving Ziyun’s faint disdain, Xu Ran laughed it off and quickly took his leave from Song Xuan.

"Star!"

"Xi Lu Lu~" (Present!)

Star neighed, its body, which had shrunk to better communicate with Number Six, swiftly grew a few sizes larger.

It raised its forehooves to step forward, moving up beside Xu Ran, ready to be mounted.

"Lu ho?" (What’s this?) Discover exclusive content at NovelBin.Côm

Watching Star’s movements, Number Six blinked curiously.

The fact that Star could grow larger wasn’t a surprise to it since it had already seen Star shrinking before its eyes.

But having just blended into the companionship of one human and three beasts, it was still somewhat clueless about what was to come next.

"Cha~" (We are going home!)

The ever-friendly Cancan was the second one to get close to Number Six. Now, it extended a paw and patted Number Six’s shoulder, speaking excitedly.

Going home?

Number Six paused for a moment, then its eyes also lit up with strong anticipation. "The feathers at the very tips of the Raw Thunder Owl’s wings are composed of thunder elements, enabling them to self-repair after wear and tear and allowing them to fly faster."

"But the downside is also clear: the energy-state feathers cannot perceive wind direction clearly, and this lack of subtle perception robs the Raw Thunder Owl of flight agility despite its speed."

"The reason why the Raw Thunder Owls in the base frequently change direction while flying is to train their agility and compensate for their weakness," Xu Ran explained.

"I understand now," Song Xuan quickly jotted down Xu Ran’s explanations, then smiled with relief a moment later, "That’s the last species. I’ve seen them all now."

"Hmm," Xu Ran nodded.

Having now assessed all the Pet Beasts in the Green Bud Pet Beast Breeding Base, Xu Ran had a preliminary estimate of the situation for the over one hundred beasts awaiting Washing and Protection.

Thanks to Song Xuan’s unique free-range breeding method, these Pet Beasts had figured out numerous little tricks to help maintain their condition.

Although they hadn’t received Washing and Protection before, their conditions were still decent, with only a few requiring more than Four Stars level of care.

This meant that the workload for Washing and Protection would also be correspondingly reduced.

"Those few Pet Beasts I pointed out earlier, bring them to my Foster Shop for Washing and Protection in the next two days," Xu Ran reminded her, "I’ll set aside time to take care of the rest myself later."

Four Stars and above, with a relatively urgent Washing and Protection requirement and not many in number, prioritizing their care won’t hinder the improvement of Fame, which Xu Ran had already pointed out during his earlier inspection.

"No problem," Song Xuan nodded without hesitation, lifting the notes in her hand with a grateful expression, "And I have to thank you for sharing this knowledge today. I believe with this, everyone’s impression of the Pet Beasts in the base will greatly change."

"I just hope these excellent Pet Beasts can quickly find suitable Beast Masters," Xu Ran spoke, pausing briefly, before turning to look at the little one close behind him, who was covered in flame-colored fur, "Besides, you’ve already given me a thank-you gift."@@novelbin@@

After leaving the Fire-tailed Bear’s living area, Number Six, who had decided to follow Xu Ran, joined the visiting group, following close behind him just like the three little ones.

Initially, it was somewhat unfamiliar with Cancan and Ziyun, but this sense of unfamiliarity quickly dissipated as the three little ones exchanged words with it.

It could be considered to have preliminarily integrated into the group.

"It’s also lucky for Number Six to be able to follow you," Song Xuan said with a smile, before suddenly reminding him, "However, Boss Xu, ’Number Six’ is just its codename. When you take it back, you can give it a nicer sounding name."

"Don’t worry," Xu Ran nodded earnestly, "My naming skills are quite high."