Chapter 615 - 315: The First Resident Of The Foster Area_4

```

"But its drawback is also quite obvious. Energy-state feathers are unable to clearly sense wind direction, which means the Raw Thunder Owl has speed but lacks the agility in flight."

"The reason why Raw Thunder Owls in the base constantly change direction during their flight is to exercise their agility and to compensate for this shortcoming."

"I understand," Song Xuan said, quickly jotting down Xu Ran’s explanations. Moments later, she smiled with a sense of relief, "That’s the last species, I’ve seen them all now."

"Hmm," Xu Ran nodded.

Having inspected all the Pet Beasts of the Green Bud Pet Beast Breeding Base, Xu Ran had formed a preliminary estimate of the condition of the more than one hundred Pet Beasts awaiting Washing and Protection.

Thanks to Song Xuan’s unique free-range breeding method, these Pet Beasts had figured out many little life hacks to help maintain their condition.

Although they had not previously received Washing and Protection, their condition was still quite good, with only a very small number exhibiting Washing and Protection requirements over four stars.@@novelbin@@

As a result, the work for Washing and Protection would be accordingly lighter.

"Those Pet Beasts I mentioned earlier, bring them to my Foster Shop for Washing and Protection in the next two days," Xu Ran instructed, "I’ll make time to uniformly take care of Washing and Protection for the rest later."

Four Stars and above, the Washing and Protection requirements were relatively urgent, but there weren’t many, carrying out the task earlier wouldn’t delay the improvement of Fame, Xu Ran had already pointed this out during the inspection.

"No problem," Song Xuan nodded decisively, raising her notebook with an expression of gratitude, "Also, thanks for sharing all this knowledge with me today. I believe this will dramatically change people’s impressions of the Pet Beasts in the base."

"I just hope that these excellent Pet Beasts can find suitable Beast Masters as soon as possible," Xu Ran’s words paused briefly, then he turned to look at the little one following close behind him, cloaked in fiery red fur, "Besides, you’ve already given me a thank-you gift."

After leaving the Fire-tailed Bear’s living area, Number Six, who had decided to follow Xu Ran away, joined the inspection team and followed closely behind Xu Ran, just like the other three little ones.

In the beginning, it was somewhat estranged from Cancan and Ziyun, but this estrangement quickly faded as the three little ones chatted with it back and forth.

It had preliminarily integrated into the group.

"It’s lucky for Number Six to be able to follow you," Song Xuan smiled, then suddenly reminded, "But Boss Xu, ’Number Six’ is just a code name. When you take it back, you can give it a better-sounding name."

"Don’t worry," Xu Ran nodded seriously, "I’m very good at naming."

Hearing this, Ziyun, who was whispering with the other three, suddenly displayed a rather odd expression.

It’s hard to know how the one who almost named it "Electra" once thought he was good at naming...

"It’s getting late, and I’ve got business to attend to this afternoon, so I’ll be taking my leave now," sensing Ziyun’s faint disdain behind him, Xu Ran chuckled and quickly bid farewell to Song Xuan.

"Star!"

"Xi Lu Lu~" (Present!)

Star neighed, its body, which it had shrunk to better communicate with Number Six, rapidly grew several sizes.

It lifted its front hooves forward two steps, moving over to Xu Ran’s side, ready to be mounted.

"Luhou?" (What’s this?)

Watching Star’s movements, Number Six blinked its eyes involuntarily.

Star being able to grow larger wasn’t surprising to it, as it had surely shrunk right in front of it before.

```

But having just integrated with the trio of owner and pets, it was still a bit clueless about what to do next.

"Chah~" (We’re going home!)

The sociable Cancan, who was the second to get friendly with Number Six, now extended a paw and patted Number Six on the shoulder, speaking excitedly.

Going home?

Number Six was taken aback for a moment, then his eyes also lit up with intense anticipation. "The feathers at the very end of the Raw Thunder Owl’s wings are made of thunder elements; these energy-form feathers can repair themselves automatically after wear and tear, and they enable the owls to fly faster."

"But the downside is also obvious, energy-form feathers cannot clearly sense wind directions, this loss of subtle perception means that Raw Thunder Owls have speed but lack flexibility in flight."

"The reason the Raw Thunder Owls at the base keep turning during flight is to practice their flight flexibility and to compensate for their shortcomings."

"I understand." Song Xuan quickly jotted down the words Xu Ran explained, and after a moment she smiled with relief, "That’s the last species. I’ve seen them all now."

"Mhm." Xu Ran nodded.

Having inspected all the Pet Beasts at the Green Bud Pet Beast Breeding Base, Xu Ran had an initial estimate of the conditions of the more than a hundred Pet Beasts awaiting Washing and Protection.

Thanks to Song Xuan’s unique free-range breeding method, these Pet Beasts had figured out quite a few little skills that helped them maintain their condition.

Although they hadn’t undergone Washing and Protection before, they were all in pretty good shape, with only a very few of them having Washing and Protection requirements above Four Stars.

This way, the workload for Washing and Protection would be accordingly lightened. Your next chapter awaits on NovelBin.Côm

"The few Pet Beasts I pointed out earlier, bring them to my Foster Shop for Washing and Protection in the next two days," Xu Ran instructed, "I will make time later on to wash and protect the rest all at once."

Those above Four Stars, with relatively urgent Washing and Protection needs and in small numbers, could have their Washing and Protection done earlier without affecting the increase in fame; this Xu Ran had already emphasized during his inspection.

"No problem." Song Xuan nodded without hesitation, showing her notebook with a grateful expression, "And thank you for all the knowledge you shared today. I believe with this, everyone’s impression of the base’s Pet Beasts will greatly change."

"I just hope that these excellent Pet Beasts can find suitable Beast Masters as soon as possible." Xu Ran’s voice paused slightly, then he turned to look at the little one following close behind him, covered in flames-colored fur, "Besides, you’ve already given me a thank-you gift."

After leaving the Fire-tailed Bear’s living area, Number Six, having decided to follow Xu Ran, joined the visiting party, following closely behind Xu Ran just like the other three little ones.

It was initially a bit unfamiliar with Cancan and Ziyun, but this feeling of unfamiliarity quickly dissipated as the three little ones chatted with it, back and forth.

It could be considered to have initially integrated into the group.

"It’s fortunate for Number Six to be able to follow you," Song Xuan smiled and then reminded, "But Boss Xu, Number Six is just a code name. You can give it a nicer name when you take it back with you."

"Don’t worry." Xu Ran nodded seriously, "My naming skills are pretty high-level."

Hearing this, Ziyun, who was whispering with the other three little ones, suddenly looked a bit odd.

It’s hard to know how the one who almost named it "Electra" ever thought they were good at naming...

Hearing this, Ziyun, who was whispering with the other three little ones, suddenly looked a bit odd.

It’s hard to know how the one who almost named it "Electra" ever thought they were good at naming...