Chapter 617 - 316: Abnormal Foster Care Residents And Exposed Twelve_2

"Uh... Mr. Zong, you’ve misunderstood," Xu Ran said with a wry smile, "That area is just a living space for one of the residents, not for Fire Pet Beasts."

"If Silver Hair King chooses to stay here, I will custom-make a habitat roughly the same size for it," Xu Ran said, shaking the control hub in his hand.

"A habitat just for Silver Hair King?" Zong Hua couldn’t help but confirm once more.

This somewhat overturned his understanding.

Normally, because of space and cost limitations, Foster Shops offer only two types of fostering plans.

The first is to have Pet Beasts live in relatively small spaces, taking them out to a large communal area for exercise at fixed times each day.

This option offers a lower fostering experience for the Pet Beasts but tends to be cheaper.

The second option is to build and design communal living areas for each Attribute and place Pet Beasts of the same Attribute together.

This option provides a higher fostering experience where not only can the Pet Beasts enjoy a comfortable living environment, they can also make new friends, though this comes at a higher cost.

But no matter which method, in front of Xu Ran’s Starfire Foster Shop, they seemed somewhat insignificant.

To custom-tailor exclusive living spaces for each Pet Beast, and to have them be so large?

For a moment, Zong Hua couldn’t help but wonder if he had misunderstood or misheard.

"If Silver Hair King likes company and makes new friends here and wants to live with a friend, that can be arranged," Xu Ran paused slightly, "In that case, the total area of their living space would double in size."

"In short, the living area will be multiplied by the number of Pet Beasts staying," Xu Ran gestured towards the spacious fostering area, his face showing a touch more confidence, "As you can see, space is the least of our concerns here."

"Board it! Board it now!" Having received Xu Ran’s affirmative response, Zong Hua immediately made a decision, "Let’s start with a month of care, and we’ll extend later!"

Looks like he’ll be a long-term resident.

"Now, I shall customize a living area for Silver Hair King." Xu Ran smiled, asked about Silver Hair King’s preferences, and in a short while, a habitat exclusively for Silver Hair King rose up from the ground.

"Silver, this is much better than any previous foster environment." Zong Hua looked contentedly at the environment exclusively for his Pet Beast, bursting into laughter as he patted Silver Hair King’s sturdy arm and called its name.

"Roar~"

Silver Hair King nodded heavily, its face revealing excitement and anticipation.

Without any hesitation, Zong Hua transferred the payment and looked at Xu Ran, "Then, Boss Xu, I trust you to take good care of my Pet Beast."

"Of course," Xu Ran nodded with a smile, "Please trust in the professional standards of Starfire Foster."

"I’ll be taking my leave then, I have to pick up my child." Zong Hua smiled, taking another look at Silver Hair King’s habitat, "Seeing Silver’s great foster environment, I rest easy."

Waving goodbye to Silver Hair King, Zong Hua turned and walked towards the exit.

"I’ll walk you out," Xu Ran followed quickly, ready to leave.

"Roar~" Your next chapter is on NovelBin.Côm

Silver Hair King let out a high-pitched roar mixed with excitement and reluctance, waving its robust arms powerfully behind them.

On the way back to the storefront, Xu Ran reached out with his Contractual Sensing to contact the three little ones.

"Where are you three? Why can’t I see Starfire either?"

In the next moment, Xu Ran accessed a view shared by Star.

In the field of vision, Starfire was diligently training at the foot of a fiery volcano, with Ziyun and Cancan acting as its sparring partners.

Seeing this, Xu Ran’s expression became a bit strange.

How did these little guys end up taking Starfire to the Fire Training Area?

Well, let them be.

It looked like Starfire was quite happy there, anyway.

"Boss Xu, could I ask you a favor?" Zong Hua suddenly spoke up, snapping Xu Ran back to reality.

"What is it?"

"If my Silver Hair King doesn’t seem very happy during the fostering process, please contact me right away," Zong Hua said, handing Xu Ran a business card.

"No problem," Xu Ran took the card, and smiled, "But I think it really likes our foster environment and should be able to live happily."

"Indeed, I’m just being cautious," Zong Hua chuckled.

As they spoke, the two had arrived at the storefront. Zong Hua waved to Xu Ran and turned to leave.

Watching Zong Hua’s retreating figure, Xu Ran turned and headed back to the shop.

Suddenly, he sensed that something was amiss.

It seemed…something was missing.

The Pleasure value?

Where was that huge Pleasure value?!

Silver Hair King had entered the foster state and seemed to really like its new living conditions, so it should have started generating Pleasure value by now.

Did he overlook the Pleasure value notifications because there were too many?

Xu Ran casually opened the notification bar and scrolled through it, only to see his smile gradually fade away.

The latest Pleasure value gain was from Washing and Protection of Silver Hair King.

It hadn’t offered even the slightest bit of Pleasure value during its Foster Care Service.

Xu Ran immediately opened the surveillance to check on Silver Hair King’s current situation and found it vigorously training in Fighting techniques against wooden dummies on an open ground.

For Fighting Pet Beasts, this is a form of entertainment, and logically, there should be some Pleasure value.@@novelbin@@

Especially since…

During its Fighting training, Silver Hair King’s expression seemed quite relaxed.