Chapter 618 - 316: Abnormal Foster Care Residents And Exposed Twelve_3

```

What’s going on?

Xu Ran was somewhat puzzled.

He suddenly remembered what Zong Hua had said before leaving, took out the business card Zong Hua had just given him, and his face showed a hint of indecision.

Maybe... take another look?

Could it be that the Silver Hair King is just slow to warm up?

Observe for another day or two, and if there are still issues, contact Zong Hua then.

After putting away the business card, Xu Ran turned his head to look at the customers queuing outside the door.

"Next, please!"

-----------------

Find your next read at NovelBin.Côm

As Xu Ran expanded and strengthened the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Bright Radiance City, within Beast Field No. 97, a revolution initiated by the Nightmare Beast King finally settled down.

Under the bloody suppression and the precedent set by the Lava Beast King, the other four Beast Kings eventually bowed their stubborn heads and chose to submit to the Nightmare Beast King.

Hence, Beast Field No. 97 had a de facto ruler.

During this process, the beneficiaries were undoubtedly those groups that had been following the Nightmare Beast King from the beginning.

The Velvet Sparrow species, the Nightmare Beast King’s own kind, became the most dominant presence in Beast Field No. 97.

-----------------

Compared to ordinary Fire-tailed Bear skills, Starfire’s skills clearly moved up a notch in strength.

Although it lost the overall enhancement of Fire Attribute skills known as the Meaning of Flames, the new skill Undying Flame that replaced it was much more domineering, and current testing hadn’t revealed the limits of this skill yet.

The only thing limiting it was probably the strength of the user itself.

Initially feeling that Starfire was just a bit special and wanting to buy it for observation, Xu Ran now felt as though he had stumbled upon a treasure.

Had it not been for other Beast Masters’ concerns about mutated Pet Beasts lacking subsequent Evolution Paths, a distinctive existence like Starfire should have been in high demand and wouldn’t have been waiting for him to take home.

After playing with Starfire for a while longer, Xu Ran glanced at the time and stood up, "It’s about time for me to open the shop."

Visiting the Green Bud Base with the three little ones to watch Pet Beasts had nearly consumed the entire lunch break, and now it was time to open for business in the afternoon.

"Xi Lu~" (I’ll stay here~)

Star shook its head gently, letting out a neigh.

It was worried that Starfire, being new to a strange environment, might feel uncomfortable and wanted to spend more time with it to help Starfire get accustomed to the place and to each other faster.

Hearing what Star had said, Ziyun and Cancan also didn’t feel like leaving anymore.

Now they had adjusted their training time to the evenings when Xu Ran meditated, leaving them more free time during the day to do other things.

"Then all three of you stay," Xu Ran said with a smile. "Once I’m done with the afternoon’s business, I’ll make you something delicious to eat."

Hearing about delicious food, bright lights sparked in the eyes of the three little ones.

They nodded eagerly, and seeing the curious look of Starfire, Cancan quickly patted its shoulder and then excitedly began to describe how delicious the Pet Beast Food Xu Ran made was.

After listening, bright red lights also began to shine from Starfire’s red eyes.

Delicious food! Want to eat!

Seeing the four little ones behaving this way, Xu Ran let out a chuckle, waved at them, and quickly disappeared into the Foster area.

He, stepping into the shop, stretched lazily as he saw the queue that had formed outside the door, then unlocked and opened the closed shop door.

Afternoon business, begins!

-----------------

"Boss Xu, I see that your Price Menu lists both Washing and Protection Service and Foster Care Service?"

"Yes," Xu Ran nodded as he looked at the customer in front of him.

The Price Menu on the wall was glanced at by every person who entered, but so far, aside from the Washing and Protection, the other services had remained unheeded.

After all, Xu Ran already had the title of "Cleaning Saint" in the Washing and Protection service, which was tantamount to receiving the Association’s certification, justifying the price which was much higher than that of other Foster Shops.

But in other areas of service, he lacked similar honors and recognition, and seeing the expensive service prices equivalent to Washing and Protection, customers naturally had their concerns.

It was the first time someone had inquired about a service other than Washing and Protection since the shop opened.@@novelbin@@

The customer was a robust man named Zong Hua, who, after receiving a positive answer from Xu Ran, glanced again at the Foster Care price on the wall. After a moment of contemplation, he made up his mind, "I’m planning to switch Foster Shops for my Pet Beast. May I take a look at your Foster Care environment first?"

"Not a problem at all," Xu Ran’s smile deepened.

Although Starfire was technically the first resident in the Foster area,

it didn’t count as business, as the nature was different.

If this deal went through, the Starfire Foster Care Service in Bright Radiance City would officially open.

He couldn’t help but turn his head to glance at the Pet Beast behind Zong Hua, coated in silver fur with a humanoid form, resembling a primitive wild man full of fieriness.

Fighting King Species, Silver Hair King.

Known in the Fighting Attribute for being a loyal guardian in life and a fearsome demon in battle.

Just now, the Silver Hair King had received a Washing and Protection Service at Xu Ran’s shop, and now its gleaming appearance was proof of its peak condition.

And now, its Beast Master was planning to continue to foster it at Xu Ran’s place.

Without a doubt, it would be a wise choice.

"Please follow me," Xu Ran gestured towards the direction of the Foster area and then took the lead.

```