Chapter 611 - 314: Mutated Race, The Inextinguishable Fire!_4

"Thank you, Boss Xu." Song Xuan quickly jotted down what Xu Ran had just said and smiled as she spoke, "There’s no need for a discount, the information you’ve shared is so precious, how could I take advantage of you?"

"I just know a bit more, that’s all." Xu Ran nonchalantly shook his head, not considering it a big deal.

After examining the health of the Flame Melting Turtles for a moment longer, Xu Ran followed Song Xuan into the next area where the Pet Beasts lived.

There, belonged to a species known as the Fire-tailed Bear.

The Fire-tailed Bear species, too, was a regular client at the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

In appearance, it was very similar to an ordinary bear except for its fur, which was flame-like in color. Its distinctive feature was its unique tail.

The tail of the Fire-tailed Bear consisted of an everlasting flame that burned tirelessly.

This flame clung closely to its fur but would never ignite it; it was a part of its body.

That was the origin of its name.

As Xu Ran entered the Fire-tailed Bears’ activity area following Song Xuan, he quickly saw several amiable Fire-tailed Bears.

Some were chewing on their favorite food, Fire Bamboo, with big bites. Others played lively games, full of vigor, bringing joy to those who saw them.

Not far from the Fire-tailed Bears, there were several Beast Masters ready to make their selections, and to Xu Ran’s surprise, he even spotted an acquaintance.

It was the father and son who had been in front of him when entering the base.

Once again, the conversation between the father and son drifted into his ears.@@novelbin@@

"These Fire-tailed Bears aren’t bad, right? I told you the Pet Beasts of Green Bud are quite good." The father said with a smile, "How about we pick a Fire-tailed Bear to bond with?"

"They’re so-so, I guess; at least they seem better than the previous ones." The young man, still a bit reluctant, had more interest in his eyes now.

These Fire-tailed Bears did seem quite normal.

However, before coming here, the young man had personally witnessed many abnormal behaviors of the Pet Beasts at Green Bud Base and was still somewhat cautious.

Who knows if these Fire-tailed Bears might suddenly have a crazy moment in the next second?

As the saying goes, fear brings about what one dreads.

The very next second, what he feared actually happened.

A Fire-tailed Bear that had just finished its Fire Bamboo lazily stood up from the ground, and then pressed its rear end against the rock behind it, twisting from side to side.

Its small tail, made entirely of fire, scorched back and forth on the rock, quickly leaving behind a deep black burn mark.

Seemingly influenced by this Fire-tailed Bear, the other bears put down what they were doing and found the nearest rock to start rubbing and twisting against as well.

This posture...

Seemed quite indecorous.

"Look at the burn marks on these rocks!" one of the Beast Masters suddenly pointed at the surrounding rocks and exclaimed softly.

The crowd looked over and belatedly realized that every rock around them bore similar horizontal scorch marks.

Previously they had thought it was caused by something else, but now it was clear that these marks had been burnt into the rocks by the Fire-tailed Bears’ fiery rears.

The Beast Masters, who had been so moved just moments ago, once again exhibited colorful expressions.

They found it hard to imagine how they might be laughed at and scorned by other Beast Masters if they were to contract one of these Fire-tailed Bears to take home.

"See, I told you the Pet Beasts from Green Bud have issues," the young man who had yet to express his opinion exhaled with relief and then spread his hands out towards his father.

"Well..." The father was at a loss for words and could only shake his head, "Then let’s look at another one..."

"No need!" The young man waved his hand impatiently, "It would be better to check out the Wind and Cloud Base next door. Their Pet Beasts are all very impressive."

"Okay," the father nodded and followed his son towards the exit.

Soon, only Xu Ran, who spoke calmly, and Song Xuan, who was bent over taking notes, remained in the Fire-tailed Bear’s living area.

```

"Although the Fire-tailed Bear’s elemental tail is quite small and not a weapon of attack, it has a special function, which is to help the Fire-tailed Bear perceive the ambient temperature around it, thereby indirectly sensing everything around it."

"This is considered a unique little ability of the Fire-tailed Bear in addition to its Talent Skills, yet few people realize it and actively help the Fire-tailed Bear develop it."

"If it is never developed, the Fire-tailed Bear’s fire tail will become dull and insensitive, no longer able to use this ability."

"And the way to develop it is very simple: it just involves frequently exposing the fire tail to intense stimulation until this ability is completely solidified."

Xu Ran’s voice paused slightly, "Their current action of rubbing their tails against the rock wall serves this very purpose."

"I see." Having finished taking notes, Song Xuan revealed an enlightened expression, "No wonder..."

She didn’t finish her sentence and stopped abruptly.

"No wonder what?" Xu Ran curiously turned to look at Song Xuan, but found her staring blankly in a certain direction.

Following Song Xuan’s gaze, Xu Ran’s expression took on a hint of surprise.

He saw a Fire-tailed Bear that looked somewhat different from the others.

It hadn’t appeared when the other Fire-tailed Bears were active, but now that the others began to rub their tails, it stepped out slowly, sat on a large rock nearby, propped up its head with its paws, and looked enviously at its companions.

On its rear end was a small tail unlike those of the other Fire-tailed Bears – not in an Elemental State, but made of pure flesh and blood.

Although it had the same flame-colored fur as the other Fire-tailed Bears, it appeared so out of place.

"What is this?" Xu Ran asked in surprise, looking at Song Xuan.

"Number Six is a variant Fire-tailed Bear." Song Xuan spread her hands, "It lacks the signature flame tail of Fire-tailed Bears, so it has a low self-esteem and is somewhat reclusive."

"Number Six" was the nickname of this particular Fire-tailed Bear.

The Pet Beast Breeding Base reserves the naming rights of the Pet Beasts, and the Beast Master who takes it away can give it a new name according to their own preferences and ideas.

Referring to what you just said, rubbing tails is how Fire-tailed Bears develop their special abilities." Song Xuan sighed softly, "Maybe because it has no fire tail, Number Six can’t develop its ability."

"Is that so, well then... eh?" Xu Ran was about to say something when he suddenly noticed Star approaching Number Six step by step.

"Boss Xu, what is your Pet Beast doing?" Song Xuan looked puzzled.

"It’s fine, let it be." Xu Ran shook his head with a wry smile, likely understanding Star’s thoughts.

Perhaps, in Number Six, it saw a glimpse of itself from the past.

"Let’s wait a bit, allow them to make friends."

-----------------

"Xi Lu?" (You don’t rub your tail with your companions?)

Star’s voice rang in Number Six’s ear.

Number Six jumped with a start at the sudden question, quickly stood up, and then sat back down in its spot after recognizing Star.

"Lu Hou~" (You’re that human Beast Master’s Pet Beast, right?)

When it had come out, Number Six had already seen Xu Ran and Song Xuan not far away, and it also remembered the three Pet Beasts behind Xu Ran.

Noticing Star’s inquisitive look, Number Six shook its head in irritation.

"Lu Hou~" (I don’t have a fire tail, so rubbing is useless.)

It replied, somewhat disheartened, then turned its head away, clearly unwilling to continue discussing this upsetting topic.

From when it was little, it had been different from its friends, always left out when they rubbed their fire tails, which often made it feel lost and gradually more reclusive.

What about a fire tail, if it doesn’t have one, so be it!

Hmph!

Looking at the defiant Number Six, Star’s eyes shimmered with a complex emotion. It gently tapped the other with its hoof, letting out a soft whinny.

```