Chapter 619 - 316: Abnormal Foster Care Residents And Exposed Twelve_4

Just as I thought, the shop had been open for nearly two hours in the afternoon—it was a good opportunity to see what the four little ones were up to.

-----------------

"Eh? Where did they go?"

Within the foster area, Xu Ran couldn’t help but let out a puzzled sound as he looked at the custom-built living area for Yinghuo, completely empty and devoid of a trace of it and the other three.

However, he was quickly brought back to reality by an exclamation from beside him.

"Boss Xu, this foster space is much larger than I imagined." Staring at the boundless foster area in stupefaction, Zong Hua couldn’t help but exclaim repeatedly while a hint of excitement flickered in his eyes.

Originally, he had only thought of checking out the foster environment because the Washing and Protection effects for the Silver Hair King were much better than expected.

But now, having seen this obviously extraordinary setting, his heart was completely won over.

"That over there is the living area for Fire Pet Beasts, right?" Zong Hua pointed at the living area Xu Ran had built for Yinghuo and asked, "Where is the living area for Fighting Attribute beasts?"

"Uh... Mr. Zong, you’ve misunderstood." Xu Ran gave a wry smile, "That’s just the living area for one resident; it’s not the living area for Fire Pet Beasts."

"If the Silver Hair King chooses to stay here, I’ll custom-build a living area roughly the same size for it." After speaking, Xu Ran shook the Control hub in his hand.

"Just for the Silver Hair King, a single Pet Beast?" Zong Hua couldn’t resist confirming it once more.

This somewhat overturned his knowledge.

Normally, Foster Shops, due to space and cost constraints, offer only two types of foster plans.

The first type allows Pet Beasts to live in a rather confined space, taking them to a large communal activity area for airing at set times each day.

This plan doesn’t offer a high-quality foster experience but is typically more affordable.

The second type involves constructing and designing public living areas for each Attribute, fostering Pet Beasts with the same Attribute together.

This plan provides a better foster experience. Not only can the Pet Beasts enjoy a comfortable living environment, but they can also make new friends. However, the price is consequently higher.

But whichever method is used, in comparison to Xu Ran’s Starfire Foster Shop, they all seemed somewhat insignificant.

Custom-building exclusive and such large living areas for each Pet Beast?

In an instant, Zong Hua couldn’t help doubting whether he had misunderstood or misheard.

"If the Silver Hair King enjoys the bustle and has made new friends here, wanting to live with a friend is also possible." Xu Ran paused slightly as he spoke, "By doing so, their combined living area would be double the current size."

"In short, the living area’s size will be multiple times the current scale depending on how many Pet Beasts are living there." Xu Ran gestured towards the vacant foster area, his face taking on a more confident expression, "As you can see, what I have no lack of here is space."

"Foster! Foster it now!" On receiving Xu Ran’s affirmative answer, Zong Hua made an instant decision, "Let’s start with a month of foster care, and we’ll renew afterward!"

It looked like he was going to be a long-term resident.

"Now then, I’ll custom-build a living area for the Silver Hair King." Xu Ran smiled and inquired about some of the Silver Hair King’s preferences. Moments later, a living area exclusively for the Silver Hair King rose from the ground.

"Silver, this is much better than the previous foster environment." Zong Hua looked at the environment exclusive to his Pet Beast with satisfaction, laughed heartily, and patted the sturdy arm of the Silver Hair King as he called its name.

"Roar~"

The Silver Hair King nodded vigorously, its face showing a mix of excitement and anticipation.

Zong Hua transferred payment without hesitation and looked towards Xu Ran, "So Boss Xu, I’ll leave my Pet Beast in your care."

"Certainly." Xu Ran nodded with a smile, "Please trust the professional level of Starfire Foster."

"Then I will be taking my leave, it’s almost time to pick up my child," Zong Hua said with a smile, taking another glance at the Silver Hair King’s living environment, "Seeing that Silver has such a nice foster environment, I can leave with peace of mind."

Zong Hua waved at the Silver Hair King and turned towards the exit.

"I’ll see you out." Xu Ran quickly followed, about to leave.

"Roar~"

The Silver Hair King let out a mixed cry of excitement and reluctance, vigorously waving its robust arms behind them.

On his way back to the shop, Xu Ran thoughtfully used Contractual Sensing to contact the three little ones.

"Where are you three? Why is Yinghuo missing too?"

The next moment, Xu Ran received a shared view from Star.

In the field of view, Starfire was training hard at the foot of a volcano engulfed by blazing red flames, accompanied by Ziyun and Cancan.

Watching the scene, Xu Ran’s expression became somewhat peculiar.

How did these three little fellows end up taking Starfire to the Fire Training Area?

Never mind, let them be.

Starfire seemed to be quite happy anyway.

"Boss Xu, may I ask you for a favor?" Zong Hua suddenly spoke up, snapping Xu Ran back to attention.

"What is it?"

"If my Silver Hair King seems unhappy during the foster period, please contact me immediately," Zong Hua said as he took out a business card and handed it to Xu Ran.

"No problem," Xu Ran took the card and smiled, "Although, I think it likes the foster environment of our shop quite a lot, and should be able to live happily here."

"Indeed, I’m just being cautious," Zong Hua chuckled.

As they talked, the two had arrived at the storefront. Zong Hua waved to Xu Ran and turned to leave.

As Xu Ran watched Zong Hua’s departing figure, he turned and headed back to the shopfront.

Suddenly, he sensed something was slightly off.

Enjoy exclusive content from NovelBin.Côm

It seemed... something was missing.

Where was the Pleasure value?

His significant Pleasure value?!

The Silver Hair King had entered the foster state and seemed to really like the new foster environment, so it should have provided Pleasure value by now.

Was it because there were too many Pleasure value notifications that he overlooked it?

Xu Ran casually opened the notification bar and browsed through it, his smile gradually fading.

The most recent Pleasure value gain was from washing and protecting the Silver Hair King.

It hadn’t provided even a trace of Pleasure value during the Foster Care Service.

Xu Ran then opened the surveillance to check on the Silver Hair King’s current situation and found it practicing Fighting training against a wooden dummy in an open field.

For a Fighting Pet Beast, this was a form of entertainment; logically, it shouldn’t be without Pleasure value.

Furthermore...

The expression on the Silver Hair King’s face looked quite relaxed during the Fighting training.

What was happening?

Xu Ran was somewhat baffled.

He suddenly thought of Zong Hua’s words before he left, took out the business card that Zong Hua had just given him, and a hint of conflict appeared on his face.

Should he... wait and see?@@novelbin@@

Perhaps the Silver Hair King was just slow to warm up?

If the problem persisted after another day or two of observation, then he would contact Zong Hua.

Having tucked away the business card safely, Xu Ran looked towards the customers lined up outside the door.

"Next, please!"

-----------------

While Xu Ran expanded and strengthened the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Bright Radiance City, inside the Beast Field number 97, a revolution initiated by the Nightmare Beast King finally settled.

Under the bloody suppression and taking a lesson from the precedent of the Lava Beast King, the other four Beast Kings ultimately bowed their proud heads and chose to submit to the Nightmare Beast King.

Since then, Beast Field number 97 had a definitive ruler.

And throughout this process, those tribes that had originally followed the Nightmare Beast King benefited the most.

The Nightmare Beast King’s own species, the Velvet Sparrow clan, in particular, became the new powerhouses walking sideways through Beast Field number 97.