Chapter 624 - 318: Return To Qingzhou, Meet The Beast King!

[Content under modification, incomplete. Please do not subscribe if this concerns you.]

"Explain the details." Xu Ran massaged his temples and spoke into the phone. "Why do I find it hard to understand?"

"Um… I don’t quite understand it myself." Mr. Tony sighed. "Today, the Nightmare Beast King suddenly arrived at Qingzhou City. President He and Mr. Gu Wu confronted it, and after a short while, the Nightmare Beast King left."

"Then… President He came to my store and told me that the Nightmare Beast King was looking for you."

"No other details?" Xu Ran couldn’t help but press on.

"No, that’s all."

"Alright, I got it." Xu Ran massaged his temples again, hung up the phone, and turned to the three pets. "It seems we need to make some changes to our plan."

"Meow?" (What happened?)

Ziyun asked curiously.

"Today, the Nightmare Beast King came to Qingzhou City looking for me," Xu Ran said, pausing slightly, "It likely has something to do with Twelve."

"So, we might need to go back and meet the Nightmare Beast King."

"Meow?!" (But I haven’t evolved yet!)

Upon hearing this, Ziyun became anxious.

Presently, it was not capable of defeating the Nightmare Beast King.

"We’re not going back to fight." Xu Ran gave a resigned smile and patted Ziyun’s head. "If nothing goes wrong, it probably has to do with Twelve’s Evolution Path."

After consideration, he could only think of this reason why the Nightmare Beast King would seek him out so urgently.

However, this was also an opportunity.

Originally, they had planned to wait until Ziyun’s evolution was complete and then, with absolute power, take Twelve away. If they could convince the Nightmare Beast King to agree to this contract more peacefully, it would naturally be for the better.

"Xi Lu~" (It looks like Twelve will rejoin the team soon.)

A smile flickered in Star’s eyes, thinking along the same line as Xu Ran.

"Cha!" (Then let’s set off now!)

Cancan, who had just been clamoring to continue exploring outside the city, was now eager to return to Beast Field No. 97.

"No rush." Xu Ran patted Cancan’s head. "The situation with Twelve is certainly important, but we need to pay attention to the developments here as well."

"We’ll leave the city tonight and investigate Fallen Thunder Valley on the ground," Xu Ran said, his expression more serious. "At least, we need to confirm roughly how much longer it will be before the Extinct Thunder Attraction emerges, so we can return to Qingzhou City with peace of mind."

"Ziyun has a faint resonance with the Extinct Thunder Attraction. As long as the distance between them is close enough, I believe we can accomplish this task," Xu Ran said, pausing slightly again, "The only problem is that Thunder Patterned Gold Willow."

"Meow!" (Let’s take care of it too!)

A fighting spirit instantly surged in Ziyun’s eyes.

Presumably, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow and the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King were beings of the same power level; otherwise, the two would not have fought to a stalemate.@@novelbin@@

If they could kill the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King, then the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow could be taken down too!

"No." Xu Ran thought it over and voiced his disagreement. "Tree-like Transcendent Beings are difficult to move but, conversely, their methods can be more troublesome."

"Killing the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King yesterday was mainly because we caught it off guard and inflicted heavy damage before it could unleash its full strength. Otherwise, the outcome would have been uncertain."

"Having lived in Fallen Thunder Valley for so long, and possibly even before the Extinct Thunder Attraction, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow holds the home advantage. When facing it, it’s impossible to go unnoticed."

"Moreover, killing one of them has already achieved the goal. There’s no need to take the risk of killing the other."

"Meow~" (Okay then.)

Ziyun retracted its protruding claws reluctantly.

It seems there would be no battle tonight.

"When the Extinct Thunder Attraction emerges, there will be plenty of opportunities," Xu Ran said with a comforting smile and then opened the store door. "Let’s set off."

Under the cover of night, one human and three Pet Beasts quickly vanished from Bright Avenue, appeared outside of Bright Radiance City, and soon the silhouette of Fallen Thunder Valley appeared in their sight.

The occasional flashes of wild thunderbolts gave the valley under the moonlight an added sense of madness and desolation, stirring a strange excitement in Ziyun’s heart.

It felt an indistinct sense of familiarity within those thunderbolts.

And as they drew closer, that sense of familiarity grew stronger.

Soon, Xu Ran and the three pets stopped at the foot of the mountain outside Fallen Thunder Valley.

From there, they could already feel the power of lightning within the valley clearly.

This was their first time being so close to Fallen Thunder Valley. Xu Ran dismounted and turned to look at Ziyun, "How does it feel?"

"Meow~" (I want it!)

A look of longing flickered in Ziyun’s unusual eyes.

"I’m asking if you can sense when the Extinct Thunder Attraction is going to emerge," Xu Ran said, covering his forehead with his hand in resignation.

Hearing this, Ziyun’s eyes showed a bit of embarrassment.

It quickly began to sense earnestly and after a moment, shook its head.

"Meow~" (It’s a bit far, we need to get a bit closer.)

"Get closer…" Xu Ran stroked his chin, "Then let’s climb up."

Having said that, he took the lead to step forward, climbing towards the top of the mountain outside the valley.

Almost at the same time, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow in the valley turned its head towards Xu Ran’s direction.

Through its unique root sensing, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow could detect that the newcomers were a human and three General Stage Pet Beasts.

Such a combination could only mean a Beast Master.

Another fool who doesn’t know whether to live or die.

To any beings entering Fallen Thunder Valley, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow would show no mercy.