Chapter 620 - 317: The Doubtful Nightmare Beast King

[Under revision, check tomorrow]

"Hiss?" (So, that human Beast Master claims to have mastered an evolution path for the Velvet Sparrow that is more powerful than the Demon Hawk?)

Although the twelve words spoken under duress were full of ambiguity, the nearly demonically intelligent Nightmare Beast King still instantly extracted the most crucial information.

The first thought that surged in its heart was that it was absurd and unbelievable.

As the de facto ruler of Beast Field 97, the Nightmare Beast King did not only operate within its own domain; it had also visited other Beast King-level Beast Fields nearby and had even been to adjacent Beast Emperor-level Beast Fields.

And the purpose of its travels was exactly to seek evolution paths for the Velvet Sparrow.

For wild Transcendent Beings, especially those as intelligent as it, exchanging evolution paths with the same species in other Beast Fields is a very effective way to improve their own evolutionary path.

If it encounters a Velvet Sparrow group that has also evolved into Demon Hawks, it can compare the differences between the two species’ evolution paths and further optimize its own species’ evolution path.@@novelbin@@

If it encounters a Velvet Sparrow group with a different evolutionary form, that would be even more cause for celebration, as it allows the species more evolutionary choices and possibilities.

After traveling through surrounding Beast Fields and comparing various aspects, the Nightmare Beast King ultimately concluded that, for the time being, the Demon Hawk remains the strongest evolutionary form of the Velvet Sparrow species.

Under these circumstances, its daughter suddenly telling it that there is a stronger evolution path, and the source of this message is merely a human boy living in a 3 Level Town, how could it possibly believe it?

"Hiss~" (I think you have been deceived by that human.)

The Nightmare Beast King spoke in a deep voice, and its originally not too bad impression of Xu Ran plummeted at this moment.

The twelve, who had been vague and did not want its father to know the exact situation, became dissatisfied in an instant upon hearing its words.

"Cheep!" (Xu Ran is not a swindler!) Discover exclusive tales on NovelBin.Côm

The Nightmare Beast King, looking at the stubbornness in twelve’s eyes, sighed internally.

"Hiss~" (He is but a human boy from a 3 Level Town, how could he possibly comprehend, let alone master, such an evolution path?)

"Cheep!" (But Ziyun, Star, and Cancan all evolved successfully following the evolution path he provided!)

"Hiss?" (Are you talking about his three Pet Beasts?)

Hearing this, the Nightmare Beast King was slightly stunned.

Reminded by twelve, it vaguely remembered that when it saw the opponent previously, the three Pet Beasts had indeed completed their evolution.

This was quite rare in a 3 Level Town.

Could this human truly possess an evolution path, including one for the Velvet Sparrow?

At this moment, the Nightmare Beast King’s original doubt wavered slightly.

However, it quickly seemed to think of something and shook its head again.

"Hiss~" (They might belong to Pet Beast Species whose evolution paths humans have already mastered, but the Velvet Sparrow is not among them.)

Having traveled through a Beast Emperor-level Beast Field, the Nightmare Beast King had witnessed the scale of Second Level Town.

It knew, compared to these weak cities of Beast Field 97, where a strike from a Beast King could bring destruction, Second Level Towns were almost unshakable.

There, stronger Beast Masters resided, and there were also things that 3 Level Towns did not possess.

Those were parts of Pet Beast evolution paths that humans have mastered through generations of attempts.

With these evolution paths, powerful Beast Masters emerged frequently in Second Level Towns.

And in its quest to find and complete the evolution path for the Velvet Sparrow species, the Nightmare Beast King did not overlook the evolution paths mastered by humans.

By ambushing human Beast Masters and searching their memories using superpower means, it could be mostly sure that humans did not currently possess the evolution path for the Velvet Sparrow.

Even if there was any, it would be a rudimentary and weak evolution path.

Xu Ran’s ability to evolve three Pet Beasts successfully was exceptional in Beast Field 97, but in Second Level Towns, it was nothing special.

If he had a way to make contact with Second Level Towns, it would not have been impossible to achieve.

Therefore, using this as proof that he possessed a stronger evolution form for the Velvet Sparrow did not hold much persuasive power.

Looking at his daughter’s still stubborn eyes, the Nightmare Beast King steadied its spirit.

"Hiss~" (Regarding the evolution path that human boy gave you, is there more specific content?)

Since his daughter was searching for resources, it meant that the human had at least given her some information.

It wanted to discern the truth of this evolution path, thereby causing his daughter to completely give up hope.

For other wild Transcendent Beings, this might be difficult, but for the Nightmare Beast King, it was not a challenge.

Because it had once attempted to break through to the Emperor Species level.

Although it ultimately failed, in the process of striving for that entirely new Life Level, it still caught glimpses of whispering secrets.

This was the biggest secret hiding behind wild Transcendent Beings.

In every evolutionary process, they capture cryptic whispering voices teeming with chaotic and colossal information regarding the ultimate secrets of life evolution.

As long as they could by chance capture a whisper concerning the secrets of their own species, there would be a chance to soar to great heights.

While there were no binding rules, the idea of burying this secret deep in their hearts and never letting other beings know was branded into their minds like a mental imprint from the moment they first heard those chaotic whispers.