Chapter 627 - 318: Return To Qingzhou, Meet The Beast King! _4

"Meow!" (Take it down as well!)

Ziyun’s eyes instantly filled with a fighting spirit.

It seemed that the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow and the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King were existences of the same strength level; otherwise, their battle would not have been so evenly matched and indecisive. Discover hidden stories at NovelBin.Côm

Since they could kill the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King, then the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow was equally viable!

"No." Xu Ran pondered for a moment and expressed his objection, "Tree-like Transcendent Beings move with difficulty, but by contrast, their methods are more troublesome."

"Yesterday, we killed the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King mainly because we caught it off guard and severely injured it first, preventing it from exerting its full strength. Otherwise, the outcome is unpredictable."

"The Thunder Patterned Gold Willow has lived in Fallen Thunder Valley for a long time, even perhaps earlier than the existence of Extinct Thunder Attraction, holding the home field advantage. When facing it, it’s impossible not to be detected."

"Moreover, killing one of them has already achieved our goal; there’s no need to risk killing another."

"Meow~" (Alright then.)

Ziyun reluctantly retracted its extended claw.

It looked like there would be no fight tonight.

"When the Extinct Thunder Attraction emerges, there will be opportunities." Xu Ran smiled and consoled, then opened the store door, "Let’s depart."

Taking advantage of the night, one person and three Pet Beasts quickly disappeared on Bright Avenue, appearing outside of Bright Radiance City. Before long, the outline of Fallen Thunder Valley was already in their sight.

The sporadic violent thunderbolts added a sense of madness and silence to Fallen Thunder Valley under the moonlight, stirring something in Ziyun’s heart.

It could feel a familiar sense within the thunderbolts.

And as they drew closer, that sense of familiarity grew stronger.

Soon, Xu Ran and the three little ones stopped at the foot of the hill outside Fallen Thunder Valley.

From here, they could already clearly sense the power of the thunder within the valley.@@novelbin@@

This was their first time being so close to Fallen Thunder Valley. Xu Ran dismounted from his horse and turned to Ziyun, "How do you feel?"

"Meow~" (I want it!)

Ziyun’s eyes, distinguished in color, sparkled with anticipation.

"I meant whether you can feel the timing of the emergence of the Extinct Thunder Attraction." Xu Ran rubbed his forehead helplessly.

Hearing this, a hint of embarrassment appeared in Ziyun’s eyes.

It immediately began to sense seriously, and after a moment, shook its head.

"Meow~" (It’s a bit far, we need to get closer.)

"Get closer…" Xu Ran stroked his chin, "Then let’s climb up."

Having said that, he was the first to move, beginning to climb towards the peak outside the valley.

Almost at the same moment, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow within the valley turned its head in the direction of Xu Ran.

With its unique perception through its roots, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow could sense that the newcomers were a human and three General Stage Pet Beasts.

Such a combination could only belong to a Beast Master.

Another fool courting death.

The Thunder Patterned Gold Willow harbored no mercy for any creature that entered Fallen Thunder Valley.

It could not let even a trace of news about the Extinct Thunder Attraction leak out, especially at the critical juncture of its imminent emergence.

Temporarily cutting off its roots’ energy transmission to the Extinct Thunder Attraction, the ribbon-like branches of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow gently swayed. The prominent thunderbolt patterns on its leaves were flickering, seemingly brewing a terrible power within.

It was ready. The moment the other party climbed to the top of the hill from outside the valley and saw the situation within, it would strike immediately, eradicating them on the spot.

While gathering its strength, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow’s peripheral vision caught the empty stone pillar on one side, and a thought abruptly entered its mind.

The Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King, could it have been this human Beast Master who killed it?

The next moment, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow was amused by its own thought.

How could that be possible!

A mere General Level Beast Master, how could he possibly slay the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King.

In its view, the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King must have been killed by other powerful Beast Kings or a King Level Beast Master, that would make sense.

Feeling the human getting closer and closer to the mountain peak, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow calmed its emotions, and the might brewing among its swaying branches became even more terrifying.

"Meow~" (Okay, I’ve felt it!)

While climbing, Ziyun paused abruptly, her face revealing a clear expression of joy.

"You felt it?" Xu Ran signaled Star and Cancan to stop, then looked toward Ziyun, "What’s the situation with the Extinct Thunder Attraction now?"

Ziyun slowly closed her eyes, and after a moment, opened them again.

"Meow~" (About one more month!) "Tell me the details." Xu Ran rubbed his brow, speaking into the phone on the other end, "Why do I feel somewhat confused?"

"Uh... I’m not very clear either." Mr. Tony sighed, "Today the Nightmare Beast King suddenly arrived in Qingzhou City, President He and Mr. Gu Wu confronted it, and not long after, the Nightmare Beast King left."

"Then... afterwards, President He came to the shop and told me that the Nightmare Beast King was looking for you."

"Any other details?" Xu Ran couldn’t help but ask further.

"That’s all."

"Alright, I got it." Xu Ran rubbed his brow again, hanging up the phone, and turning to the three little ones, "It looks like we need to make some changes to our plan."

"Meow?" (What happened?)

Ziyun asked with curiosity.

"The Nightmare Beast King came to Qingzhou City looking for me today." Xu Ran’s voice paused for a moment, "It must be related to Twelve."

"So, we might need to take a trip back and meet the Nightmare Beast King."

"Meow?!" (But I haven’t evolved yet!)

Upon hearing this, Ziyun became immediately anxious.

Right now, she couldn’t defeat the Nightmare Beast King.

"We’re not going back to fight." Xu Ran gave a helpless smile, stroking Ziyun’s head, "If nothing unexpected happens, the Nightmare Beast King likely knows about Twelve’s Evolution Path."

After thinking it over, this was the only reason he could imagine why the Nightmare Beast King would seek him out in such a hurry.

However, this was also an opportunity.

Initially, they planned to wait for Ziyun to complete her evolution and then take Twelve by sheer strength, but if a more peaceful solution could persuade the Nightmare Beast King to agree to this pact, that would naturally be better.

"Xi Lu~" (It seems Twelve will be rejoining our team soon.)

Star, thinking along the same lines as Xu Ran, had a hint of a smile in his eyes.

"Cha!" (Then let’s set out right now!)

Cancan, who had just been clamoring to continue exploring outside the city, was now eagerly yapping to go back to Beast Field 97.

"No rush." Xu Ran patted Cancan’s head, "The situation with Twelve is certainly important, but this situation also needs our attention."

"We’ll leave the city tonight and assess the situation in Fallen Thunder Valley firsthand." Xu Ran’s expression became more serious, "We at least need to confirm how much longer it will take for the Extinct Thunder Attraction to emerge, so we can have peace of mind when we return to Qingzhou City."

"Ziyun has a vague resonance with the Extinct Thunder Attraction; as long as the two are close enough, I think we should be able to complete this task," Xu Ran paused for a moment, "The only problem is that Thunder Patterned Gold Willow."

"Meow!" (Let’s deal with it too!)

A fighting spirit surged in Ziyun’s eyes instantly.

It seems that the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow and the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King are beings of the same strength level, otherwise, they would not have fought to a stalemate.

If the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King could be slain, then the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow could be too!

"No." Xu Ran thought for a moment and expressed his opposition, "Tree-like Transcendent Beings are difficult to move, but correspondingly, their methods can be much more troublesome."