Chapter 625 - 318: Return To Qingzhou, Meet The Beast King! _2

It couldn’t let even the slightest news of the Extinct Thunder Attraction slip out, especially since it was about to emerge.

The Thunder Patterned Gold Willow temporarily severed the energy delivery from its roots to the Extinct Thunder Attraction. Slender as ribbons, its branches and leaves gently swayed, the conspicuous thunderbolt patterns on them flickering uncertainly, as if harboring a terrifying power within.

It had made its preparations, ready to strike the moment the other party climbed to the top of the hill from outside the valley and saw the situation inside. It would eliminate them instantly.

While gathering strength, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow caught a glimpse of an empty stone pillar to the side, and a thought abruptly appeared in its mind.

The Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King, could it have been this human Beast Master who killed it?

The next moment, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow was amused by its own thought.

How could it be possible!

How could a mere General Level Beast Master kill the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King.

In its opinion, the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King must have been slain by another powerful Beast King or a King Level Beast Master; that would make sense.

Feeling the human drawing closer to the peak, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow calmed its emotions, and on its swaying branches and leaves, the brewing might grew more terrifying.

"Meow~" (Alright, I can feel it!)

Mid-climb, Ziyun paused for a moment, a clear expression of joy appearing on its face.

"You can feel it?" Xu Ran signaled Star and Cancan to stop, then turned to Ziyun, "What’s the situation with the Extinct Thunder Attraction now?"

Ziyun slowly closed its eyes, then opened them after a short while.

"Meow~" (About one more month’s time!)

-----------------

"Tell me the specifics." Xu Ran rubbed his forehead, speaking into the phone, "Why do I find it somewhat unclear?"

"Um... I’m not too clear myself." Mr. Tony sighed deeply, "Today, the Nightmare Beast King suddenly appeared in Qingzhou City. President He and Mr. Gu Wu confronted it, and not long after, the Nightmare Beast King left."

"Then... President He came to the shop and told me that the Nightmare Beast King was looking for you."

"No other details?" Xu Ran couldn’t help but press for more.

"No, that’s all."

"Alright, I got it." Xu Ran rubbed his forehead again, hung up the phone, and turned to the three little ones, "It seems our plan needs some adjustments."

"Meow?" (What happened?)

Ziyun asked curiously.

"The Nightmare Beast King came to Qingzhou City today looking for me." Xu Ran’s voice paused slightly, "It must be related to Twelve."

"So, we might need to make a trip back to meet the Nightmare Beast King."

"Meow?!" (But I haven’t evolved yet!)

Ziyun became anxious upon hearing this.

Its current self couldn’t beat the Nightmare Beast King.

"We’re not going back to fight." Xu Ran gave a wry smile and patted Ziyun’s head, "If things go as expected, the Nightmare Beast King probably knows about Twelve’s Evolution Path."

After considering it, this was the only reason Xu Ran could think of for why the Nightmare Beast King would be in such a rush to find him.

However, this was also an opportunity.

Originally, they had planned to wait until Ziyun completed its evolution and then use their absolute strength to take Twelve away. If they could convince the Nightmare Beast King to agree to the contract in a more peaceful manner, that would naturally be better.

"Xi Lu~" (It seems Twelve will be joining us soon.)

Star, thinking along the same lines as Xu Ran, revealed a hint of a smile in its eyes.

"Cha!" (Let’s set off now then!)

Cancan, who had just been clamoring to continue exploring outside the city, was now eager to return to Beast Field No. 97.

"No hurry." Xu Ran patted Cancan’s head, "Twelve’s situation is important, but so is the one here."

"We’ll leave the city tonight and do some fieldwork in Fallen Thunder Valley," Xu Ran said, his expression growing more serious, "At the very least, we need to confirm how long it will take for the Extinct Thunder Attraction to emerge, so we can rest easy when we return to Qingzhou City."

"Ziyun feels a vague resonance with the Extinct Thunder Attraction. As long as the two are close enough, I think we should be able to complete this mission," Xu Ran’s voice paused slightly, "The only problem is that Thunder Patterned Gold Willow."

"Meow!" (Let’s deal with it too!)

Fighting spirit surged instantly in Ziyun’s eyes.

It seemed that the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow and the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King were beings of the same strength level; otherwise, they wouldn’t have fought to a deadlock.

If they could kill the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King, then the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow could be dealt with as well!

Read the latest on NovelBin.Côm

"No." Xu Ran thought for a moment and then objected, "Tree-like Transcendent Beings find it difficult to move but as a result, their methods can be more troublesome."

"Yesterday, when we killed the Thunder Ray Mysterious Bat King, we caught it by surprise and inflicted a heavy wound first, which kept it from unleashing its full strength; otherwise, the outcome would have been uncertain."

"The Thunder Patterned Gold Willow has lived in Fallen Thunder Valley for a long time, maybe even before the Extinct Thunder Attraction existed there, giving it home court advantage. If we confront it, it’s impossible to go unnoticed."

"Moreover, killing one of them has already served our purpose; there is no need to risk going after the other."

"Meow~" (Okay then.)

Ziyun reluctantly pulled back the paw it had extended.@@novelbin@@

It seemed there would be no battle tonight.

"There will be many opportunities once the Extinct Thunder Attraction emerges," Xu Ran consoled with a smile, then opened the shop door, "Let’s set out."

Using the cover of darkness, the man and his three pets quickly disappeared on Bright Avenue and showed up outside Bright Radiance City. Before long, the outlines of Fallen Thunder Valley were already visible in their sight.