Chapter 635 - 320: The Brand New Form Of Twelve!_4

Without a doubt, this process was dangerous, and the slightest carelessness could result in being burst by the overly powerful energy, ending in instant death.

But this was what all evolutions had to go through.

Without hesitation, Twelve swallowed all the resources in one breath.

At last, it drained that single drop of blood essence from its own father.

The blood essence, filled with the breath of life and power, became the solvent of everything; it fused all the resources into one, also causing the conflicts of different energies to reach their most intense point in an instant.

Twelve’s sea-blue eyes were filled with pain in that instant.

At this moment, it felt as if multiple forces were battling inside its body, each one fighting on its own, with no regard for its life or death.

They ruthlessly wreaked havoc inside Twelve’s body, causing its breath to weaken drastically in a very short period of time.

But as its breath weakened, the energy fluctuations around Twelve were abnormally skyrocketing at a high speed; this extreme contrast marked the beginning of uncontrolled evolution.

"So quickly?" Xu Ran was startled, and his expression quickly became tense.

When the three little ones evolved into the King Species before, there were moments of life and death crisis, but those only came after the evolution had reached a certain stage.

Had Twelve just swallowed the resources and was already this dangerous?

"This should be related to my blood," said the Nightmare Beast King beside him, his voice growing heavy as if he had thought of something, "Evolution requires the blood essence of a Superpower-tier King Level, but I am not an ordinary King Stage."

"My blood is stronger."

"But there is no need to worry too much," the Nightmare Beast King kept a close eye on Twelve’s current abnormality, and slowly continued, "The blood essence you humans obtain is usually from beings long dead, but I am alive and right here."

"It’s my blood; how could I let it harm my daughter?" A hint of pride was in the eyes of the Nightmare Beast King, "Watch, even if Twelve evolves into a Sleeping Bird, it will not be an ordinary Sleeping Bird."

As if in echo of the Nightmare Beast King’s words, the previously berserk and rebounding power within Twelve seemed to suddenly hit a pause button and calmed down.

However, in Twelve’s own perception, the situation was completely different.

Those violent, chaotic powers, each fighting for itself within its body, rendered its physique riddled with holes from the inside, but as soon as the blood essence carrying these powers touched Twelve’s wounds, and came into contact with its own blood, everything changed.

The originally unassuming blood essence seemed to be awakened in that instant, erupting with an incredibly powerful aura; it was as if one could briefly glimpse the huge form of a Demon Hawk flashing in the blood light.

And the imposing aura, which soared into the sky, was not targeting Twelve.

It suppressed all the conflicting energies of the evolution resources in a manner that was brutally ruthless and illogical.

Like a father pinning down the head of a thug harming his daughter, holding him under the water, the dominant power melded all the other energies into the blood essence.

The most challenging part of evolution was undoubtedly the process of gradually absorbing the diverse evolution materials, eventually integrating their powers and turning them into one’s own.

However, now, the power hidden within the blood essence was doing something similar.

It gradually crushed and blended the powers that had entered into the blood essence, eventually integrating small completed portions along with some of the blood essence into Twelve’s body.

Bit by bit. After taking a deep breath, Twelve’s gaze finally landed on the resources placed on one side of the raised platform.

All of these resources surged with tremendous energy, any one of them was worth as much as the total amount of power inside its body.

And now, it intended to devour all these resources in one breath, absorbing all their energy to fuel its own evolution.

There was no doubt that this process was dangerous. A slight misstep could result in being blown apart by the overwhelming energy, dying instantly.

But this was an ordeal all evolvings had to go through.

Without hesitation, Twelve swallowed all the resources in one gulp.

Lastly, it drained the drop of Blood Essence originating from its father.

The Blood Essence, filled with the breath of life and power, became the solvent for everything, melding all the resources together, and causing the conflict between different energies to reach the most intense level in an instant.

Twelve’s sea-blue eyes filled with pain in that moment.

At this moment, it felt as if multiple forces were waging war within its body, fighting each on their own, completely indifferent to its life or death.

They ruthlessly ravaged the insides of Twelve’s body, causing its aura to wilt within an extremely short period.

But as its aura wilted, the energy fluctuations around Twelve’s body also surged abnormally fast. This extreme contrast was the beginning of a loss of control over the evolution.

"So soon?" Xu Ran’s heart jumped, and her expression quickly became tense.

When the three little ones evolved into the King Species before, there were moments of life-and-death crisis, but those came after the evolution had reached a certain extent.

Twelve had just swallowed the resources and was already so dangerous?

"This should have to do with my blood," the Nightmare Beast King beside her seemed to realize something, and spoke in a deep voice, "What is needed for evolution is the Blood Essence of a Superpower-tier King Level, but I am not an ordinary King Stage being."

"My blood is stronger."

"However, there is no need to worry too much," the Nightmare Beast King continued intently watching Twelve’s current odd state, speaking slowly, "The Blood Essence you humans acquire often comes from a master who has long since died, but I am still alive, and right here."

"This is my blood, how could I allow it to harm my daughter?" There was a hint of pride in the Nightmare Beast King’s eyes, "Just watch, even if Twelve evolves into a Sleeping Bird, it will not be an ordinary Sleeping Bird."

As if responding to the Nightmare Beast King’s words, the force that was previously in a frenzied backlash within Twelve seemed to suddenly hit pause, calming down.

Yet, in Twelve’s own perception, the situation was entirely different.

The wild, chaotic forces, each fighting for themselves within its body, had left its body riddled with holes from the inside. But as the Blood Essence that carried these forces touched Twelve’s wounds, and made contact with its own blood, everything changed.

The previously subdued Blood Essence seemed to awaken in this moment, exploding with an extremely horrific surge of power. Vaguely, one could even glimpse the giant figure of a Demon Hawk flashing through the blood light.

And the rising force was not targeting Twelve.

It suppressed all the conflicting energies of the evolution resources in a brutally fierce, unreasonably forceful manner.

Like a father holding down a thug harming his daughter, forcibly submerging the thug’s head in water, that dominating force integrated all other forces into the Blood Essence.@@novelbin@@

Evolution’s most challenging phase was doubtlessly the gradual absorption of the diverse Evolution Materials, eventually integrating their power and transforming it into one’s own.

And now, the power hidden within the Blood Essence was undertaking a similar action.

It slowly shattered and blended the powers that had merged into the Blood Essence. And then, it incorporated both the newly fused small fraction and some of the Blood Essence into Twelve’s body.

Bit by bit.