Chapter 637 - 321 Fireflies And The Twelve_2

"Back then, they spent quite a few Value Points for Evolution Materials."

Upon hearing this, Ziyun, Star, and Cancan all nodded in agreement.

Especially Ziyun, whose evolution occurred before Xu Ran had ever visited a Second Level Town, and those rare and scarce Main Materials for Evolution were all found by luck by it and Xu Ran.

Upon hearing Xu Ran say this, No. 12 immediately felt better.

"Chirp?" (So, are we heading to Xieyun City next, or Monster Wooden City?)

No. 12 had heard before that after reaching Beast Field No. 47, one person and three pets opened a branch in Xieyun City, and from the recent conversation between Xu Ran and the Nightmare Beast King, it knew there was also a branch in Monster Wooden City.

In No. 12’s view, Xu Ran’s destination could only be one of these two.

"No, neither of them," Xu Ran said with a smile. "We’re going to Bright Radiance City."

"...Chirp?" (Where’s that?)

No. 12 showed a puzzled expression.

Was there a new branch?

It had only left for a little over twenty days, yet it felt it was already falling behind in updates?

"Chah~" (Not just a new branch, but also a new companion!)

Cancan let out a he-he laugh, unable to contain itself.@@novelbin@@

What?

A new companion?

No. 12’s eyes widened even further.

It wasn’t the youngest in the team anymore?

It had a ’little brother’ now?

In an instant, it became completely absorbed in the thought of the unknown new companion.

"The Firefly is still on probation," Xu Ran tapped Cancan’s head gently, then looked at No. 12, "Once we get to Bright Radiance City, you’ll see."

"Xi Lu Lu~" (We’re about to arrive at Qingzhou City.)

Star neighed sharply, looking at Qingzhou City whose outline was now visible, and abruptly sped up.

It wasn’t long before one person and four pets crossed through the city gate and entered the city.

[These past few days, I’ve had recurring fevers. I apologize deeply for my inability to return to normal as promised. I visited the hospital today, and they’ve prescribed me new medication; my condition has mostly stabilized. I will start writing diligently from tomorrow.]

-----------------

"Is the problem on our side, the humans’?"

Hearing the Nightmare Beast King’s words, Xu Ran’s face showed a hint of surprise.

This was unexpected for him.

By his reasoning, humans were the weaker side in front of the beast realm, protecting their cities at great human cost. They should, therefore, be the ones most desiring peace, and should have no reason to object to this proposal.

Thus, if he could persuade the Nightmare Beast King, everything should naturally proceed smoothly.

But from what the Nightmare Beast King suggested, could it be otherwise?

"It seems that you are not aware of the situation within the other 3-Level towns in Beast Field No. 97," the Nightmare Beast King guessed the situation from Xu Ran’s puzzled look and slowly started to explain.

"Within Beast Field No. 97, there are a total of 7 3-Level towns. The strongest among them is Changshi City, which has a King Level Beast Master; the most powerful Beast Masters in the other towns are at the General Level."

The Nightmare Beast King’s voice paused for a moment, "Among these seven human Beast Masters stationed in the towns, four hold extreme hostility towards us Transcendent Beings."

"Their goal is to enslave the wild Transcendent Beings and turn the whole Beast Field No. 97 into human territory."

"That includes Changshi City."

"Under such circumstances, it’s very difficult for them to agree to coexist peacefully with Transcendent Beings, and even if they agreed, it’s highly likely they would do so insincerely," the Nightmare Beast King glanced at Xu Ran, "unless..."

"Unless a supremely powerful figure that can outmatch them steps forward," Xu Ran interjected with understanding.

"Yes." The Nightmare Beast King nodded slightly, "While I am now stronger than before, I am not yet powerful enough to dominate. We need an even more powerful individual to successfully rally the beings of Beast Field No. 97 for such a change."

"New order is built upon absolute strength," the Nightmare Beast King glanced at Xu Ran, "Your vision is very magnificent, but to achieve it, you need to become stronger."

"I understand," Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Similar words had been spoken by the Semi-Saint of the Demon Wood.

In the end, if he wanted to turn Beast Field No. 97 into a Holy Land like the Monster Wooden Domain, he still needed his own strength to be sufficiently formidable.

"With this in mind, I’ll take my leave, senior. When my power is enough, I’ll come to find you," Xu Ran bowed slightly to the Nightmare Beast King before turning to leave.

"Go," the Nightmare Beast King spread one wing and gently nudged No. 12 towards Xu Ran, then with a flap of his wings, vanished into the sky.

"Chirp~" (Daddy!)

No. 12’s eyes were filled with reluctance, and only when the Nightmare Beast King’s figure was no longer visible did it flutter its wings and quickly follow after Xu Ran.

It settled gracefully on Xu Ran’s shoulder, casting a glance at Ziyun in his arms.

From now on, it no longer had to compete with Ziyun for a spot.

"Meow~" Find more to read at NovelBin.Côm

Ziyun stretched lazily and closed its eyes contentedly.

Xu Ran’s embrace was for it alone!

"The fact that everything went so smoothly was unexpected," Xu Ran felt Star’s lightning-fast speed and looked at No. 12 on his shoulder, "Originally, we planned to snatch you back after Ziyun had evolved into the Emperor Species."

"Chirp~" (So that was the plan~)

No. 12 suddenly understood.

It seemed that its evolution pathway was exposed, prompting Xu Ran to directly go to Qingzhou City to find Xu Ran, and this accelerated everything.

Otherwise, it would have had to wait until Ziyun evolved into the Emperor Species before...

Wait a moment...

"Chirp?!" (Emperor Species?!)

No. 12 stared blankly at Ziyun.

It had not been apart from its friends for long, had it?