Chapter 648 - 324: Cancan’S Route! The Examination Of Fireflies!

[Content to be added, do not subscribe for now]

"Then let’s start with Cancan’s evolution path first," Xu Ran said, smiling at the eager emotion Cancan was radiating.

Ziyun and Star silently nodded in agreement.

As they had already obtained the Emperor Species evolution path, they had no plans for this precious resource.

However...

Once Cancan possessed an evolution path and was ready to evolve, they would have to give priority to Cancan for the exchange of resources.@@novelbin@@

Thinking of this, a contemplative look appeared on Ziyun’s face.

Its gaze eventually settled on the Four Star Skill Scroll.

With the Four Star Skill Scroll, it could upgrade its remaining three Three Star Skills to Four Stars more quickly and meet all the conditions required for evolution in advance.

This way, it wouldn’t have to compete with Star and Cancan for resources later on.

Therefore, Ziyun was determined to secure the Four Star Skill Scroll this time.

While Ziyun pondered, Xu Ran had already applied the Emperor Species evolution path to Cancan.

Rows of text appeared before his eyes.

[Evolution Path: Panlong Turtle (Earth) → Rock Deity Dragon Turtle (Earth)

Evolution Difficulty: ★★★☆☆☆

Evolution Potential: ★★★★☆☆]

[Evolution Path: Panlong Turtle (Earth) → Broken Rock Deity Turtle (Earth)

Evolution Difficulty: ★★★★☆☆

Evolution Potential: ★★★★☆☆]

[Evolution Path:...]

As Xu Ran browsed through the options for Cancan’s evolution, he casually asked, "Six Star Potential?"

"Chah!" (Six Star Potential!)

Cancan nodded vigorously without any hesitation.

Naturally, it wanted to evolve into the strongest creature!

"Then there’s only this one," Xu Ran said after reviewing all the evolution paths, his gaze landing on one in particular.

[Evolution Path: Panlong Turtle (Earth) → Ancient City Turtle Dragon (Earth)

Evolution Difficulty: ★★★★★☆

Evolution Potential: ★★★★★★]

Seeing the name of this evolutionary type, Xu Ran’s face showed a rare sense of confusion and puzzlement.

What did the "Ancient City" in the species name mean?

Never mind, it was probably just a strange naming convention.

He reassured himself, and then clicked to view the complete evolution path.

As the lines of text became clearer in his vision, Xu Ran’s expression grew increasingly bewildered.

This was probably not just a matter of a strange name.

[Evolution Path: Panlong Turtle (Earth) → Ancient City Turtle Dragon (Earth)

Evolution Difficulty: ★★★★★☆

Evolution Potential: ★★★★★★

Evolution Conditions:

1. All Panlong Turtle Talent Skills must be upgraded to Four Star before evolution, with at least three skills able to increase body size

2. All Talent Skills reach Violent Sun Level Proficiency

Evolution Materials: Marrow of Thick Soil (main), Eye of the Gargoyle (main), Vein Origin Stone (main), Emperor Stage Blood Essence of Earth Dragon (main), Brilliant Gem (main), Eternal Life Calamity Dew (main)

Evolution Ritual:

1. Attract a city, translocate it over ten thousand miles.

2. Carry the city on your back, and under the blessings of countless creatures within the city, complete the final evolution.]

Even Xu Ran, who had seen two unusual Emperor Species evolution paths, found Cancan’s evolution path to be extremely outlandish after reading it.

"Chah?" (How’s my evolution path?)

Meanwhile, Cancan was staring wide-eyed, with a look of anticipation.

This made Xu Ran fall silent for a moment before he had to convey the truth,"Your evolution path might be a bit difficult to achieve."

"Chah!" (No problem!)

Cancan waved its paw nonchalantly.

It was fully prepared psychologically.

"Chah?" (Is it necessary to hunt down Earth attribute Kings? I could try that!)

"No, your evolution path doesn’t require that," Xu Ran shook his head. "You don’t need to fight with Kings."

"Chah?" (Then why is the evolution path considered difficult?)

Cancan looked puzzled, and even Ziyun and Star couldn’t help but lean in closer.

Equally curious was Twelve, who had never witnessed an Emperor Species evolution path.

Facing four pairs of eyes brimming with a desire to know, Xu Ran shook his head.

"Cancan’s evolution path is notably different from Ziyun and Star’s."

"First off, it has one fewer evolution condition."

"Cancan’s evolution conditions do not require the Growth Stage to not exceed the King Stage, which means Cancan can complete its evolution at the King Stage."

"Chah?" (Isn’t that a good thing?)

Cancan’s eyes widened.

Undoubtedly, being able to evolve at the King Stage meant it had more time to prepare and accumulate power.

If it weren’t for the possibility that a higher Growth Stage could lead to a solidification of the Life Level, all creatures would prefer to evolve at a higher Growth Stage.

It would be safer.

"Indeed, it is a good thing," Xu Ran nodded slightly. "But your evolution ritual is a bit off."

"According to the requirements of the evolution ritual, you need to attract a city and translocate it over ten thousand miles," Xu Ran paused, looking at the stunned Cancan. "You heard right, actually attract a city."

Cancan: "..."

Though it was true that as Cancan grew, its body size became increasingly absurd, suggesting it could attract a city seemed far-fetched.

"For this reason, when you upgrade your Talent Skills to Four Stars, you need at least three skills that can increase your size," Xu Ran added. "Jiezimixu is one; you need two more."