Chapter 654: Chapter 325: An Examination Of The Firefly_3

"Nah~" (I don't need it.)

Cancan shook its head.

During the recent resource distribution, it had only hoarded some Skill Fragments, bearing witness to how Ziyun and Star's Skill Fusion plans had changed repeatedly. It deeply realized that plans can't keep up with changes and simply decided to save them for later.

"Chirp~" (My Bewildered Heart Branding!)

Twelve flapped its wings once, eyes filled with anticipation.@@novelbin@@

Upon seeing this skill, it immediately thought of how well it could combine with Lead Silk Vertical Soul and decisively swapped for this skill.

This was one of its rare gains from this round of resource distribution.

"Alright." Xu Ran smiled and nodded, quickly teaching the skill he had reserved in advance.

The resource distribution for the four little ones was now complete.

After tallying up the remaining undistributed resources and the four little ones' surplus Value Points, Xu Ran put down the chalk in his hand.

However, his gaze remained fixed on the blackboard.

For there was still one resource on the blackboard that had not been redeemed.

It was a King Species Evolution Route.

At this moment, all four little ones had no need for it.

But the system's lottery drawing it out was not without reason.

After a moment of silence, Xu Ran suddenly spoke, "What do you four think of Firefly?"

"Meow?" (Firefly?)

Ziyun blinked its eyes.

"That's right." Xu Ran nodded, "Considering the time, Firefly has already been with us for half a month. What do you think of it? Is it suitable to be our new partner?"

Hearing Xu Ran's question, the four little ones looked at each other, their expressions turning more serious.

It was about their future partner, so they had to be more careful.

After a moment of thought, Star spoke first.

"Xi Lu~" (I think it's pretty good, but sometimes it lacks confidence.)

It quickly recalled an incident from a while back and shared it with the others.

The Starfire Foster Care Shop's business had gotten on the right track, and the number of residents in the Foster area was increasing. One of these residents happened to be a Fire-tailed Bear, which had reached the Elite Stage. Upon seeing Firefly, it didn't hesitate to mock Firefly.

Perhaps because of past psychological shadows, Firefly was unusually silent in front of the Fire-tailed Bear, quietly enduring the ridicule without retorting. It was sulky for several days before it recovered.

And this was why Star felt Firefly lacked confidence.

"Meow~" (I think it's quite confident, just a bit rash.)

Ziyun countered, with a hint of amusement in its heterochromatic eyes as it seemed to recall something.

Once, a King Stage new resident came to the Foster area. Ziyun needed to defeat a King Stage to evolve, so it wanted to spar with the newcomer.

Little did they expect their sparring to be misunderstood by Firefly, who thought Ziyun was being bullied, let out a scream, and charged right in, completely forgetting it was just a Transcendent Stage little cramit.

"Nah~" (The bird eggs roasted by Firefly are delicious!)

Cancan spoke earnestly.

One day, Cancan brought the unidentified beast bird eggs they had found exploring outside the city area the day before to Firefly, and Firefly ended up roasting the eggs.

Those roasted eggs were extraordinarily tasty, something that Cancan still remembered vividly.

Twelve glared at Cancan unimpressed and then expressed its thoughts.

"Chirp~" (I think it's quite interesting.)

In the half-month they spent together, Twelve frequently used Illusions to tease Firefly. Although Firefly was tricked time and again, it never got mad, and even pestered Twelve to keep playing.

The four little ones each had their say, and soon they sketched out an image of Firefly.

And in Xu Ran's mind, an answer was gradually forming.

"If that's the case, let's go and conduct the final evaluation on it right now." Xu Ran said as he sat up, "If it passes the evaluation, this King Species Evolution Route can be a gift for it."

"Chirp?" (Evaluation?)

Twelve cocked its head, a puzzled look on its face.

It didn't remember any such procedure when it joined the team.

Unable to help itself, Twelve turned to look at Cancan, hoping for an explanation.

Yet Cancan was nearly as confused as Twelve.

After all, it had been contracted by Xu Ran upon hatching, so there was no such assessment to speak of.

Star thought for a moment before turning to Ziyun for answers.

It, too, didn't remember going through such a step.

"Meow~" (Why are you looking at me?)

Ziyun spread its paws.

It didn't know either...

"Stop looking at each other. This is a recent idea of mine." Xu Ran chuckled, "As more and more little partners join us, the requirements for our new friends have to be more strict."

"First and foremost, and most important in choosing a new partner, is that they need to have harmonious relationships with all previous partners, with no irreconcilable conflicts."

Xu Ran's voice paused for a moment, "Besides that, the second requirement is that their Attributes don't conflict with one another, allowing us to make better use of resources."

"And the third point is the role within the team."

"This wasn't necessary when I contracted you guys, but now that you all have established roles within the team, we have to consider whether the roles of new partners will clash when making selections."

"For example." Xu Ran pointed to Ziyun, "Ziyun's role is as the team's strongest single-target damage dealer. Although Ziyun also does area damage, single-target is clearly Ziyun's most outstanding feature."