Chapter 658 Chapter 326 Giving Xieyun City A Bit Of A Shock_3

Such a spectacle immediately attracted the attention of the entire Beast Trainer Ranking area. The gasps and buzzing discussions blended into one when they saw the high-ranking names newly parachuted one by one onto the lists, all prefixed with "Zhou Tian."

Without question, these Beast Masters hailed from Zhou Tian City.

As the top ranks of the Beast Trainer Ranking were occupied one after another by these outsiders, the Beast Masters of Xieyun City grew restless.@@novelbin@@

This was a clear challenge to their territory!

Make calls, rally the troops!

One by one, local ranked Beast Masters of Xieyun City were summoned, and the battle for rankings between the two cities was on the verge of ignition.

Although Xieyun City wasn't short of strong competitors, who consecutively stepped up to claim ranks to regain face for the city's Beast Masters, it was to the crowd's astonishment that those from Zhou Tian City were indeed stronger.

The moment the most prestigious position of the General Level Beast Master Overall Power Ranking was taken by Zhou Tian City's Yun Tianao, a collective sigh swept through the Beast Trainer Ranking area.

At testing area D01, Yun Tianao looked at his own name proudly displayed at the top of the most prestigious list within the General Stage ranks and a smug smile appeared on his face.

Eyeing the disappointed Beast Masters from Xieyun City before him, he sneered, "You Beast Masters of General Level from Xieyun City aren't up to the mark."

"Is this the best you can do?"

"What are you so proud about?" One of them couldn't hold back and spoke out, "You've only claimed the first place on the current ranking. In the Historical Rankings, you've barely made it into the top ten."

"Historical Rankings…" Yun Tianao glanced at the Historical Rankings board next to him and could not help but click his tongue lightly, "You people from Xieyun City really can't take a loss. What's the point if Chairman Fang's ranking in history cannot be Transcended?"

"No, you're wrong," another Beast Tamer suddenly interjected, "Chairman Fang's ranking on the Historical Rankings isn't invincible."

"He has been surpassed by someone else."

"And that person is now also a General Level Beast Master."

"Oh? Who is it?" A flicker of surprise crossed Yun Tianao's eyes, yet his tone remained unforgiving, "Is it Liu Chen or Wu Xufeng?"

The two names he mentioned belonged to the two strongest General Level Beast Masters of Xieyun City, both of whom currently ranked second and third in the Overall Power Listing, just below him.

"It's neither," one of the Beast Masters huffed, "If he hadn't left Xieyun City, it wouldn't be your turn to run wild here today."

"Heh, don't tell me you've made up someone," Yun Tianao showed a scornful sneer, "I'm not in the mood for your petty bragging."

"If such a person exists, let him show up."

"Look," Yun Tianao pointed to his own name that now dominated over all others from Xieyun City, "I am the first place now!"

"Clang—"

Just as Yun Tianao's words fell, a clear bell tolled suddenly.

Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, the General Level Beast Master Overall Power Ranking, where Yun Tianao's name hung high, began to flicker.

Amidst the emerging lights, a brazenly new name shoved Yun Tianao's down with force, becoming the new number one.

"First place, Starfire Foster Care Shop, overall strength: 46921433"

Yun Tianao: "..."

Seeing the name that had just parachuted above his own, his mind went blank.

What in the world was this?!

This overall strength score had literally doubled his own.

Was this even achievable for a General Level Beast Master?!

Before he could collect his thoughts, the changing ranks on the Historical Rankings took his breath away.

Fang Canghai, who had previously dominated the first place of the Historical Rankings, was now trampled under the same name.

This newcomer had Transcended the achievements of the General Level's Fang Canghai!

How was this possible?!

At that moment, only one question surged in Yun Tianao's mind.

Who is he?!

And around him, after a moment of silence, the Beast Masters suddenly erupted into unanimous cheers.

"It's Boss Xu!"

"Boss Xu is back!"

"When did he get here? It wasn't just now, was it?"

"No matter when, his arrival couldn't be more timely!"

"Exactly!"

The voices buzzed with excitement, while the crowd surged toward testing area D01.

Under everyone's gaze, the entrance to testing area D01 revealed the figures of one man and four beasts.

Seeing the people approaching him, Xu Ran was first startled, then revealed his signature smile, "Everyone, long time no see."

"Boss Xu, long time no see!"

"How many days will Boss Xu stay this time?"

"Boss Xu, I've missed you so much!"

The enthusiastic responses made Xu Ran's smile even broader.

After being away for so long, he hadn't expected Xieyun City's patrons to be still so warm.

"Enough talk now, I need to check out another ranking list," Xu Ran said, pointing to the neighboring D02 Testing Area, "I just got back and need to hurry up and challenge all the lists. If I remember correctly, isn't the ranking settlement tomorrow?"

"Take your time, Boss Xu."

"After you, sir."

The crowd quickly made way, allowing Xu Ran to proceed to the next testing area smoothly.

Meanwhile, Yun Tianao finally managed to squeeze out of the crowd.

Watching the retreating figures of Xu Ran and his four small companions, he couldn't hold back his inquiry.

"Who is that?"

"That's Boss Xu, the only man who has ever surpassed Chairman Fang's historical accomplishments," one of the Xieyun City Beast Masters chuckled, "You folks from Zhou Tian City should get a taste of the real gap."