Chapter 650: Chapter 324: Cancan'S Route! The Examination Of Fireflies!_3

```

He comforted himself and then opened the complete Evolution Path.

As lines of text became clear in his vision, Xu Ran's expression grew increasingly strange.

This seems… to be more than just a weird naming.

[Evolution Path: Panlong Turtle (Earth) → Ancient City Turtle Dragon (Earth)

Evolution Difficulty: ★★★★★☆

Evolution Potential: ★★★★★★

Evolution Conditions:

1. All Panlong Turtle Talent Skills must be upgraded to Four Stars before evolution, with at least three skills capable of increasing body type

2. All Talent Skills must reach Violent Sun Level Proficiency

Evolution Materials: Marrow of Thick Soil (main), Eye of the Gargoyle (main), Vein Origin Stone (main), Emperor Stage Earth Attribute Dragon Blood Essence (main), Brilliant Gem (main), Eternal Life Calamity Dew (main)

Evolution Ritual:

1. Lead a city, migrating thousands of miles.

2. Carry the city on your back and complete the final evolution under the blessings of countless lives within the city. ]

Even though Xu Ran had already come across two bizarre Emperor Species Evolution Paths, the Evolution Path for Cancan still seemed extraordinarily ludicrous.

"Chaq?" (How is my Evolution Path?)

On the other side, Cancan's eyes were already wide with anticipation.

This made Xu Ran slightly silent, after which he could only tell the truth, "Your Evolution Path, it might be a bit challenging to complete."

"Chaq!" (No problem!)

Cancan waved its paws indifferently.

It was fully prepared, mentally.

"Chaq?" (Is it about hunting Earth attribute Kings? I could give it a try!)

"No, your Evolution Path doesn't require that," Xu Ran shook his head, "You don't need to fight against Kings Stage opponents."

"Chaq?" (Then why is the Evolution Path difficult?)

Cancan showed a puzzled look, and even Ziyun and Star couldn't help but gather around.

The similarly curious were Twelve, who had never encountered an Emperor Species Evolution Path before.

Facing four pairs of eyes brimming with curiosity, Xu Ran shook his head.

"Cancan's Evolution Path is quite different from that of Ziyun and Star."

"Firstly, there's one fewer evolution condition for it."

"Cancan's Evolution Conditions don't require not breaking through the King Stage in Growth Stage, which means Cancan could evolve at the King Stage."

"Chaq?" (Isn't that a good thing?)

Cancan's eyes widened.

Without a doubt, being able to evolve at the King Stage meant it had more time to prepare, to gather strength.

If life levels didn't become fixed due to a high Growth Stage, all creatures would prefer to evolve at a higher Growth Stage.

It would be safer.

"It is indeed a good thing," Xu Ran nodded slightly, "but there's something odd about your Evolution Ritual."

"According to the Evolution Ritual, you need to pull a city, migrating for thousands of miles," Xu Ran's voice paused for a moment before he looked at the stunned Cancan, "You didn't hear me wrong, it's about pulling a city."

Cancan: "..."

Although its body type had been growing increasingly larger with growth, reaching grotesque proportions, pulling an entire city would still be far from possible.

"For this, you need to have at least three skills that can enlarge your body type when your Talent Skills are upgraded to Four Stars," Xu Ran added, "Jiezimixu is one of them; you need two more."

"Chaq..." (This…)

Cancan opened its mouth and then slowly closed it again.

If its Growth Stage reached the King Stage, its body type should further expand, plus the effect of three body-enlarging skills, it might indeed achieve the terrifying body type capable of towing a city.

"Chaq~" (If it's just towing an unpopulated city, that might be doable.)

Though the Evolution Conditions were ludicrous, Cancan was ready to try it for the sake of becoming stronger.

"It probably can't be an unpopulated city," Xu Ran shook his head, "Because there's a second part to your Evolution Ritual."

"Carry the city on your back, completing the evolution amid the blessings of the creatures within the city."

"This means that your evolution requires the power of blessings," Xu Ran said, his expression becoming more bizarre.

The last to need blessings for evolution was the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood.

But the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood evolved into the Holy Spirit Race, whereas Cancan was only evolving into the Emperor Species.

Just what sort of background does this species named Ancient City Turtle Dragon have?

Hearing this, Cancan silenced as well.

Was this truly its Evolution Path?

"Chaq..." (Could we have the wrong Evolution Path?)

"Rest assured, it's not wrong," Xu Ran gave Cancan an affirming look.@@novelbin@@

The only one among the four small ones not to have obtained an Evolution Path, Twelve, couldn't help but send a sympathetic glance toward Cancan.

It had a rough understanding of Ziyun and Star's Evolution Paths. Compared to theirs, Cancan's was certainly more challenging.

Just shouldering an entire city was a scenario it could not even imagine.

And Ziyun and Star, who already had their Evolution Paths, looked at Cancan with no less sympathy in their gaze.

This poor child was finally going to be crushed by the weight of life.

After a while, Cancan lay powerlessly on the bed, its expression one of utter despondency.

It gave up on struggling and chose to accept reality.

To evolve successfully, it not only had to meet the Evolution Conditions and obtain the Evolution Materials but also had to find a city willing to migrate with it.

"Okay, let's continue with the resource allocation," Xu Ran patted Cancan's head as a form of consolation, then proceeded to allocate other resources.

```