Chapter 653: Chapter 325: An Examination Of The Firefly_2

"First and foremost, the most important point in choosing a new partner is still the need for harmony in relationships with all previous partners and no irreconcilable conflicts,"

Xu Ran paused before continuing, "Secondly, there should be no conflict in Attributes so that we can make better use of our resources."

"The third point is team positioning,"

"This wasn't something to consider when I contracted with you guys, but now that you all have your respective roles in the team, we need to consider whether the new partner's position will conflict with the existing ones."

"For example," Xu Ran pointed at Ziyun, "Ziyun's role is as the strongest single-target output in the team. Although Ziyun also has area damage, single targeting is clearly Ziyun's most prominent feature."

"Meow~" (Indeed, that's true.)

Ziyun nodded in agreement.

"Ka?" (What about me, what about me?)

Cancan couldn't help but inquire about its own role.

"Cancan's position is, of course, as the team's most solid shield," Xu Ran smiled, "In terms of Defense, you are in a class of your own."

"Besides that, Cancan also bears the important task of being a secondary damage dealer."

Hearing Xu Ran's words, Cancan couldn't help but puff out its chest proudly.

"Star's role is to assist and cooperate with me," Xu Ran paused for a moment, "The existence of Star Oath has bound you and me together, allowing us to cover each other in battle and prevent the typical weaknesses that other Beast Masters might have."

"And many a supportive and protective Skills lay the foundation for you to assist our teammates in combat."

"Xi Lu~" (Understood!)

Star neighed in response.

It could be said that among the four, its role was the clearest.

"As for Twelve…" Xu Ran glanced at Twelve, "Illusion and psychic tactics may not be direct offensive methods, but combined with a comrade's attack, they can often achieve effects greater than the sum of their parts."

"For the time being, I've assigned you the role of Controller Hand within the team."

"Chiu~" (Understood!)

Twelve nodded its head.

In the past half-month of exploring beyond the city with the other three, their coordination had become increasingly tacit.

Oftentimes, all Twelve needed to do was cast an Endless Sleep, and the rest wouldn't require its intervention.

This aligned perfectly with the role of Controller Hand.

"Chiu?" (What about Firefly?)

Having learned its own role, Twelve couldn't help but be curious.

"Firefly, huh…" Xu Ran stroked his chin, "Based on the abilities it has shown so far, I've assigned it the role of strongest area damage dealer in the team, to coordinate with Ziyun."

"But whether it can live up to this role, I'm not sure," Xu Ran paused for a moment, "Hence, an evaluation is necessary."

"Not only to assess Firefly's temperament but also its potential."

-----------------

"Lu ho?" (Are we starting new training?)

In the Foster area, Firefly looked at the neatly gathered Xu Ran and four companions, its large, crimson eyes reflecting surprise.

"Yes," Xu Ran nodded with a smile, "Your previous training has always been with them, but today I plan to teach you a more efficient way to train."

"So, are you willing to train according to my arrangements?"

Firefly's eyes widened instantly, and it nodded earnestly, its face full of anticipation.

The efficiency of the training method wasn't as important at this moment; what mattered most to it was that this training was being directed by Xu Ran himself.

Over the past half month, Xu Ran had never appeared during its training sessions. According to the four little ones, Xu Ran was meditating diligently, striving to become stronger.

Firefly could understand this but occasionally felt lonely.

Now that Xu Ran was training with it for the first time, it was determined to do its best!

With this mindset, Firefly followed closely behind Xu Ran with large strides.

Perched on Xu Ran's shoulder, Twelve seemed to sense something, turning its head to glance at Firefly, its sea-blue eyes flickering slightly.

The other three were silent as well.@@novelbin@@

This was an evaluation, naturally, they couldn't reveal to Firefly.

Soon, Xu Ran and the five little ones arrived at the Fire Training Area.

In the past half-month, Firefly had often come here with the other four, making use of this unique environment to train its Skills.

However, today's training was bound to be different.

Xu Ran quickly took out a special material woven blanket, spread it on the flat ground, and then gestured for Firefly to stand on it.

"Lu ho?" (What is this?)

Firefly hopped curiously on the blanket, its face brimming with curiosity.

-----------------

"So, which Skill do you plan to advance to Violent Sun Level?"

After raising Star's second Talent Skill to Four Stars, Xu Ran asked.

"Xi Lu~" (Prayer of Starry Night.)

Star didn't hesitate much and quickly gave his answer.

Though the newly promoted to Four Stars Star Oath was also important, raising the Proficiency of Prayer of Starry Night to Violent Sun Level could bring even more enhancements.

"Good," Xu Ran nodded slightly.

Moments later, on Star's panel, the progress and point allocation indicators for Prayer of Starry Night disappeared, leaving only the conspicuous words [★★★★ Prayer of Starry Night (Violent Sun Level)].

With that, Star's resource utilization reached a pause.

Xu Ran's gaze turned to Cancan and Twelve, who were waiting on the side.