Chapter 655 Chapter 325 An Examination Of The Firefly_4

```

"Meow~" (Indeed, that's true.)

Ziyun nodded in agreement.

"Chirp?" (What about me, what about me?)

Cancan couldn't help but inquire about itself.

"Cancan's role, of course, is as the team's sturdiest shield." Xu Ran smiled, "In terms of defense, you're in a league of your own."

"Besides that, Cancan also bears the important task of being a secondary damage dealer."@@novelbin@@

Find adventures on empire

Hearing Xu Ran's words, Cancan couldn't help but puff out its chest.

"Star's role is to support and coordinate with me." Xu Ran paused, "The existence of Star Oath binds you and me together. During combat, our combined efforts can make up for the weaknesses common to Beast Masters."

"And the many buff and protection skills are your foundation for assisting your teammates in battle."

"Xi Lu~" (Understood!)

Star neighed in response.

It could be said that among the four littles, its role was the clearest.

"As for Twelve," Xu Ran glanced at Twelve, "Illusion and mental tactics might not be direct offensive methods, but when combined with a companion's attack, they often have an effect greater than the sum of their parts."

"For now, I've designated you as the team's Controller Hand."

"Chirp~" (Understood!)

Twelve nodded its head.

During the past half-month exploring outside the city with the other three littles, their coordination had become more and more tacit.

Often, all Twelve needed to do was cast an Endless Sleep, and it wouldn't have to worry about anything that followed.

This fell perfectly in line with the role of a Controller Hand.

"Chirp?" (What about Firefly?)

After knowing its own role, Twelve was curious about Firefly's.

"Firefly..." Xu Ran stroked his chin, "Based on the abilities it has shown so far, I've designated it as the team's strongest group-damage dealer, to work in conjunction with Ziyun."

"But whether it can live up to this role, I'm not certain." Xu Ran paused, "Therefore, an assessment is necessary."

"Not only to assess Firefly's temperament but also to gauge its potential."

-----------------

"Luhou?" (A new training session?)

In the foster area, Firefly looked at the neatly arranged one human and four pets in front of him, surprise flickering in its large red eyes.

"Yes." Xu Ran nodded with a smile, "Previously, your training has always been accompanied by them, but today I plan to teach you some more efficient training methods."

"So, are you willing to train according to my arrangement?"

Firefly's eyes widened suddenly, and it nodded earnestly, its face full of anticipation.

Whether training methods were efficient or not wasn't so important at that moment; what mattered most was that Xu Ran was personally instructing its training.

Over the past half-month, Xu Ran had never appeared during its training sessions. According to the four littles, Xu Ran was meditating diligently, striving to grow stronger.

Although Firefly understood this, it sometimes felt lonely.

Now, with Xu Ran accompanying it in training for the first time, Firefly was determined to do its absolute best!

With this mindset, Firefly followed closely behind Xu Ran, taking big steps.

Resting on Xu Ran's shoulder, Twelve seemed to sense something, turned its head to look at Firefly, and its sea-blue eyes flickered slightly.

The other three littles also kept quiet.

This was an assessment matter, and naturally, they could not tell Firefly.

Soon, Xu Ran and the five littles arrived at the Fire Training Area.

Over the past half-month, Firefly had frequently come here, accompanied by the other four littles, to train its skills using the unique environment.

```

However, today's training was destined to be different.

Xu Ran quickly took out a blanket woven from a special material and spread it on the flat ground, then signaled Fire to stand on it.

"Luhou?" (What is this?)

Fire hopped curiously on the blanket, its face full of wonder. "Star's position is to assist and cooperate with me," Xu Ran paused, "The existence of 'Star Oath' binds you and me together; in battle, our joint effort can prevent the team from having the usual weaknesses of a Beast Master."

"And the many augmentation and defense skills are the foundation for you to assist teammates in battle."

"Xi Lu~" (Understood!)

Star gave a whinny in response.

It could be said that, among the four little ones, its position was the clearest.

"As for Cancan..." Xu Ran glanced at Cancan, "Illusory realms and psychic tactics may not be direct offensive methods, but when combined with a companion's attack, they can often achieve an effect greater than the sum of their parts."

"For now, the role I assign to you is the team's Controller Hand."

"Chiu~" (Understood!)

Cancan nodded.

In the past half month of exploring outside the city with the other three little ones, their coordination had also become increasingly tacit.

Often, Cancan only needed to cast 'Endless Sleep,' and it didn't need to worry about the rest.

This coincided perfectly with the role of the Controller Hand.

"Chiu?" (And what about Fire?)

Now knowing its own role, Cancan couldn't help but become curious.

"Fire, huh..." Xu Ran stroked his chin, "Based on the abilities it has shown so far, I have assigned it the role of the strongest group attacker in the team, to coordinate with Ziyun."

"But whether it is up to the task, I'm not sure," Xu Ran paused, "Therefore, it needs to be assessed."

"Not only to assess Fire's temperament but also its potential."

-----------------

"Luhou?" (Are we starting new training?)

Inside the foster area, Fire looked at the neatly arrayed one person with four beasts, its big red eyes showing a hint of surprise.

"Yes." Xu Ran nodded, his face wearing a smile, "Previously, your training was always accompanied by them, but today I plan to teach you some more efficient training methods."

"So, would you like to train according to my arrangements?"

Fire's eyes widened in earnest, nodding seriously with an expectant look on its face.

Whether the training methods were efficient was not so important at the moment. What mattered most was that this was training directed personally by Xu Ran.

In the past half month, Xu Ran had never appeared during its training. According to what the four little ones said, Xu Ran was meditating hard, striving to become stronger.

Fire could understand this, but sometimes it felt lonely.

Now that Xu Ran was accompanying it in training for the first time, it was determined to do its best!

With this mindset, Fire followed closely behind Xu Ran with big steps.

Perched on Xu Ran's shoulder, Cancan seemed to sense something, turning its head to glance at Fire, its sea-blue eyes flickering slightly.

The other three little ones remained silent as well.

This being an assessment, they naturally couldn't tell Fire.

Soon, Xu Ran and the five little ones arrived at the Fire Training Area.

In the past half month, Fire hadn't been short on visits here with the company of the other four little ones, utilizing the unique environment to train its skills.

However, today's training was destined to be different.

Xu Ran quickly took out a blanket woven from a special material and spread it on the flat ground, then signaled Fire to stand on it.

"Luhou?" (What is this?)

Fire hopped curiously on the blanket, its face full of wonder.