Chapter 659 Chapter 326: Giving Xieyun City A Bit Of A Shock_4

Almost right after the Beast Master’s words fell, the same bell sounded throughout the entire Beast Trainer Ranking.

"Pet Beast Comprehensive Power Listing Number One, an unexpected arrival!"

It was as if a magical switch had been flipped, and the leaderboards at the General Stage level began flipping rapidly, undergoing a complete shuffle in no time.

By the time Xu Ran walked out of the last testing area, the top rows of all the leaderboards prominently featured the words "Starfire Foster Care Shop."

"Everyone, stop following me; I need to head back to open the shop," said Xu Ran, waving to the countless people trailing behind him as he walked out, "For the next two days, all services at Starfire Foster Care Shop are 20% off! Everyone’s welcome!"

With that, Xu Ran mounted Star and hurriedly made his escape.

The onlookers at Xieyun City’s Beast Trainer Ranking were as numerous as before, unstoppable.

The Beast Masters of Zhou Tian City, for some reason, had already regrouped.

Watching Xu Ran’s departing figure, the leading Beast Master suddenly pulled an onlooker to the side and started asking questions.

"Excuse me, what services was he referring to?"

"You don’t know yet? The Starfire Foster Shop is a foster shop here in Xieyun City, and Boss Xu is the owner of that shop," the onlooker replied with a hey-hey laugh to the group from Zhou Tian City, "I suggest you give it a try; their services are truly outstanding!"

"The owner of a foster shop…" Yun Tianao fell silent.

They, the talented Beast Masters of Zhou Tian City, had actually been defeated by the owner of a foster shop?

"It seems… he hasn’t really looked at us at all," another Beast Master from Zhou Tian City muttered under his breath, "He couldn’t have just come here by chance, could he?"@@novelbin@@

As soon as these words were spoken, the crowd from Zhou Tian City became even more silent.

At this moment, silence was more powerful than any words.

-----------------

"Chairman, our Xieyun City’s Beast Trainer Ranking has just been taken over by the Beast Masters from Zhou Tian City. Do we really not need to intervene?" Enjoy exclusive adventures from empire

In front of Fang Canghai, the deputy spoke with a slightly anxious expression.

"At this rate, without waiting for the exchange battle to begin, the confidence of our Beast Masters in Xieyun City will already be almost shattered."

"Intervene?" Fang Canghai calmly took a sip of his tea and shook his head slightly, "When outmatched, how can we intervene?"

"This…" The deputy was momentarily at a loss for words, clearly stumped by Fang Canghai’s question.

Indeed, were they to manipulate the rankings from behind the scenes and cancel them, wouldn’t that destroy the century-old credibility of the Beast Trainer Ranking?

"So, we just stand by and watch?" The deputy couldn’t help but ask again for confirmation.

"We just stand by and watch," Fang Canghai nodded slightly, his face emotionless, "Now it’s Zhou Tian; before long, others from the Second Level Towns will take action as well."

"A livelier Beast Trainer Ranking is better with more people."

"There’s one more thing, Chairman." The deputy took a deep breath, "The exchange battle is related to the future influence of the Stronghold Alliance. Given our poor performance on the Beast Trainer Ranking, do we really stand a chance in the exchange battle?"

"Well..." Fang Canghai picked up the teacup in his hand and a figure couldn’t help but appear in his mind. He took a sip of tea, then set down the teacup and slowly spoke, "There will be a way when we get to the mountain."

The assistant looked at Fang Canghai and fell silent.

In his memory, Fang Canghai always seemed extremely composed in the face of anything, never startled or upset by any event.

Perhaps, this was the true Chairman Fang.

In comparison, he still lacked maturity.

The deputy thought to himself when suddenly the door to the office was pushed open.

Fang Yuling walked in quickly, smiling as she said, "Dad, your ranking on the Historical Listings has been surpassed again."

"This time, it’s at the General Level."

"Hmm?" Fang Canghai’s eyebrows raised slightly, "Zhou Tian has such a talent?"

"No." Fang Yuling shook her head slightly, "Boss Xu has returned."

"Swoosh—"

A faint sound of rushing wind was heard, and by the time the deputy came back to his senses, both Fang Yuling and Fang Canghai had vanished from the office.

The deputy fell into silence once more.

So Chairman Fang also has this side to him?

-----------------

"Stop following me, I have to get back to the shop," Xu Ran said, waving his hand at the countless people trailing behind him as he walked away. "For the next two days, all services at Starfire Foster Care Shop will be 20% off! Everyone’s welcome!"

After dropping this remark, Xu Ran mounted Star and hastily made his escape.

The onlookers at the Xieyun City Beast Trainer Ranking were just as numerous as before, unbearable.

The Beast Masters from Zhou Tian City had somehow already regrouped.

Watching Xu Ran’s retreating figure, the leading Beast Master suddenly grabbed a bystander, asking aloud,

"Excuse me, what service was he talking about?"

"You don’t know? The Starfire Foster is a foster shop in our Xieyun City, and Boss Xu is the owner of the shop," the onlooking crowd replied with a hehehe laugh, seeing these visitors from Zhou Tian City. "I suggest you give it a try, their services are really great!"

"The owner of a foster shop…" Yun Tianao fell silent.

Were these geniuses from Zhou Tian City really defeated by the owner of a foster shop?

"It seems… he never looked at us from start to finish," another Beast Master from Zhou Tian City muttered under their breath. "Could it be that he just happened to be here?"

At this remark, the people of Zhou Tian City grew even quieter.

At this moment, silence spoke louder than words.

-----------------

"Chairman, the Beast Trainer Ranking of our Xieyun City has been taken over by Zhou Tian City’s Beast Masters. Shouldn’t we intervene somehow?"

Before Fang Canghai, his deputy spoke with an anxious expression.

"If this continues, without even waiting for the exchange battle to begin, our Xieyun City Beast Masters’ confidence will have been thoroughly shattered."

"Intervene?" Fang Canghai sipped his tea indifferently, shaking his head slightly. "If the skill is inferior, how can we intervene?"

"This…" The deputy was at a loss for words, apparently stumped by Fang Canghai’s question as well.

Indeed, were they expected to rig the results and cancel their rankings?

If they did that, the hundred-year credibility of the Beast Trainer Ranking would be ruined in an instant.

"So we… just watch?" the deputy couldn’t help but confirm once more.

"Let’s just watch," Fang Canghai nodded faintly, his expression steady. "Now it’s Zhou Tian City coming to us, in a while, other Second Level Towns will take action too."

"The Beast Trainer Ranking, the more people, the merrier."

"There’s one more thing, Chairman," the deputy took a deep breath. "The exchange battle relates to the future say in the Stronghold Alliance. With such poor performance on the Beast Trainer Ranking, do we really stand a chance in the exchange battle?"

"Well…" Fang Canghai lifted the teacup in his hand, an image involuntarily surfacing in his mind. He took a sip of the tea, then placed the cup down, speaking slowly, "There’s always a solution when we get to the bridge."

The assistant looked at Fang Canghai and fell silent.

In their memory, Fang Canghai always seemed extremely composed, never surprised or perturbed by anything.

Perhaps, that’s what Chairman Fang really is.

In comparison, they still had a long way to go to reach such maturity—

This thought crossed the deputy’s mind when suddenly, the office door was pushed open.

Fang Yuling stepped briskly into the office, smiling as she spoke, "Dad, your Historical Rankings have been transcended again."

"This time, it’s someone of the General stage."

"Hmm?" Fang Canghai’s eyebrows rose slightly. "Does Zhou Tian City have such a talent?"

"No," Fang Yuling shook her head slightly. "Boss Xu is back."

"Whoosh—"

A faint sound of the wind breaking was heard, and by the time the deputy came back to their senses, Fang Yuling and Fang Canghai had both disappeared from the office.

The deputy fell into silence once more.

So Chairman Fang also has this side to him?