Chapter 668 - 329 Thunder Roars In All Directions, Xu Ran Takes Action_3

"Sword Mantis Beast King, how shameless of you." The countless branches of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow trembled, like a divine whip poised to strike, pointed at all the beings present, "This Extinct Thunder Attraction is nurtured by my own power; what right do you have to covet it?!"

"I’m not afraid to tell you either." Enveloped in powerful Thunderforce, a face formed from Thunderbolt appeared in the void, glaring at the creatures below with a chilling gaze, "This Thunder Patterned Gold Willow has been imbued with my prohibitions."

"You cannot use it!"

"Not only that, but you also cannot leave!"

As the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow let out its final roar, those radiant golden branches that had been ready to unleash their fury shot out, indiscriminately attacking all the creatures present.

In its rage, it had already developed an overwhelming desire to kill.

"Do you think you have the power to do so?"

The Flame Lion Beast King roared angrily, laced with disdain, as it watched the branches growing rapidly larger in its field of vision. Without hesitation, it lashed its serpentine tail of fire and leapt toward the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow with claws ablaze and towering the fire.

But in the next instant, its expression underwent a drastic change.@@novelbin@@

The Extinct Thunder Attraction in the air flickered at that moment.

Suddenly, a bolt of purple-black Thunderbolt, which was suppose to strike it, unexpectedly veered toward one of the branches of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow and merged into it.

The golden branches of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow, which had been flowing with purple Thunder patterns, instantly turned a dangerous shade of purple-black.

Before the Flame Lion Beast King could dodge, the branch struck it fiercely.

Accompanied by an extraordinarily agonizing scream, half of the Flame Lion Beast King’s body turned to ash under the gaze of all.

The remaining half of its body crashed heavily to the ground, its eyes already devoid of life.

A Beast King had perished just like that, which made the other Beast Kings look at those now purple-black branches with an extremely grave expression in their eyes.

At that moment, an indifferent voice rang out.

"Ziyun, Divine Punishment."

Time seemed to still in that moment, and in the next instant, a dreadfully dangerous aura burst forth from Ziyun, who stood beside Xu Ran.

That power tore through the thunder brewing in the sky, outmuscling the branches of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow and even the light that flowed on the Extinct Thunder Attraction seemed to stagnate for an instant.

The air froze at that moment, and as the surroundings became enshrouded in blackness, Ziyun took a step forward, spreading a fierce intent to kill throughout the area instantly.

Four Stars skill, Violent Sun Level: Divine Punishment!!!

This skill, with its terrifying side effects but unmatched dominance, was once again invoked by Ziyun!

Even for Ziyun, it was only the second time truly displaying this skill.

The last time it was shown, the skill’s mastery was barely at Full Moon Level!

The gap between Full Moon Level and Violent Sun Level is like night and day.

The terror unleashed by Divine Punishment this time was far beyond any previous comparison.

And this was just the beginning.

A dark energy surged in all directions, swiftly extending its overwhelming presence to envelop the entire Fallen Thunder Valley, covering all the creatures within and the Extinct Thunder Attraction in the void.

The next moment, a terrifying suppression descended.

Apart from those of Thunder and Fighting attributes, other creatures felt the elements related to them rapidly being stripped from the air in an almost suffocating pain.

Even creatures of the Thunder and Fighting Attributes weren’t totally immune, the ensuing indiscriminate oppression making them feel as if their bodies had suddenly become extremely heavy.

The lightning in the sky slowed, and the light of the Extinct Thunder Attraction dimmed slightly.

The wildly dancing branches of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow seemed to be caught in a muddy quagmire, and the White Bone Beast King also clutched its double swords, gazing in shock at this being it had once deemed beneath its notice.

Four Stars skill, Violent Sun Level: Heavenly Punishment!!!

This new skill, derived from King’s Power of the King Stage Common skills, now possessed a terror that held real sway even over beings at the King Stage.

It was no longer a trifling matter but had become, in a sense, a crucial balance in the battle for victory!

After unleashing two Four-Stars skills in succession, Ziyun’s indifferent, domineering black eyes finally turned towards the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow below in the valley.

The next moment, with a thunderous sound that echoed for a long time, shaking the valley, Ziyun’s figure instantly appeared before the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow.

Behind it, a path formed by black lightning converged, filled with terrifying killing intent. In front of it, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow, with a face still showing shock and astonishment, suddenly faced the formidable Ziyun.

Ziyun slowly lifted its paw, and then, with an irresistible force, pressed it against the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow.

The surging black Thunderbolt coalesced into a massive "诛" character in the void, countless Electric Arcs intertwined instantly, forming myriad winding and mysterious symbols upon the body of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow.

In that moment, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow’s flailing branches came to an abrupt halt as if the stop button had been pressed.

The absorbed purple-black electricity, faced with the spreading black Electric Arcs, seemed to encounter a terrifying entity and hurriedly left the body of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow, reconverging around the Extinct Thunder Attraction.

The branches of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow returned to their radiant gold color, the flowing purple Thunder patterns rapidly darkened, and then the golden branches swiftly faded.

Its large and vital body began to exude an increasingly intense scent of death.