Chapter 667 - 329 Thunder Roars In All Directions, Xu Ran Takes Action_2

It seems it’s not my turn to act.

"Luhou~" (Is Purple Cloud about to make her move?)

The slightly excited voice of Firefly echoed in the minds of the person and four Pet Beasts present.

It, being too weak to follow and currently using Contractual Sensing to share senses, was watching the entire scene from the Foster Shop.

As it saw both sides poised to clash, its mood also became excited.

This was a confrontation at the Beast King Level, how many Elite Stage Pet Beasts could experience this so vividly?

"Jiu~" (Looks like, the fight might not happen after all.)

Twelve had a feeling and looked towards the direction of Fallen Thunder Valley before speaking softly.

Almost at the next moment after Twelve made a sound, a huge and persistent Thunderous Sound echoed throughout Fallen Thunder Valley, and countless dark purple Thunderbolts fell from the sky, like Heaven’s Sword stabbing into the valley.

Against the surging lightning, a dazzling light slowly rose into the air, even visible from outside the valley with utmost clarity.

That was a mystical Rune without a physical form, entirely woven from energy, indescribable in words, like a fragmented imprint of the natural laws, exhibiting extreme colors and brilliance.@@novelbin@@

Countless bolts of lightning struck at it but became its nourishment, greedily absorbed by it without any hesitation.

The scene fell into dead silence, except for the terrifying sound of thunder, leaving only the countless greedy and heavy breaths.

"This is mine!"

The Flame Lion Beast King let out a mad roar, turning into a crimson afterimage, rapidly sprinting towards the direction of Fallen Thunder Valley.

The White Bone Beast King gave Xu Ran a deep look and then turned to follow the Flame Lion Beast King.

In the moment it got close, it sensed a hint of danger through its innate Fighting Attribute instincts.

Though it did not know why this mere General Level human Beast Master seemed to pose such a threat, it was not interested in wasting time on such trivial matters now that the resource had emerged.

Consider that human lucky.

Each of the Beast Kings who had already cleared the area didn’t dare to fall behind, fearing being a step too late in acquiring the resources, and chose to enter the valley without any hesitation.

And Xu Ran, who had long awaited this day, did not pause for a moment.

"Find a chance to kill that guy after entering the valley," he lightly patted Ziyun’s head, casually deciding the fate of the White Bone Beast King, then hopped onto the broad back of Star, "Let’s go!"

"Xi Lu Lu~"

Star let out a long whinny, bursting forth with such speed that even the King Stage had to take notice.

Quickly turning into a shadow unseen in the dark night, it approached Fallen Thunder Valley at a terrifying velocity.

As silhouettes each utilized their abilities to approach Fallen Thunder Valley, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow inside the valley also made its move.

Branches adorned with purple patterns and glowing with a shiny gold color, like divine whips splitting the thunder, thrust directly towards the Extinct Thunder Attraction in mid-air, and even when struck by thunder containing destructive power, these branches merely dimmed slightly.

What was even more shocking was that the suspended Extinct Thunder Attraction, upon sensing the presence of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow, actually began to move towards it slowly and voluntarily.

Clearly, having guarded the emergence of the Extinct Thunder Attraction for countless years, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow had not been idle. On the contrary, it had made a lot of preparations.

"Stop it!"

Cold red glimmers emerged in the hollow eyes of the White Bone Beast King, and it quickly pulled another giant bone knife from its back, fixing the handles together to instantly form a boomerang shrouded with a terrifying aura.

With a casual flick, the boomerang formed of bone knives left a chilling white afterimage in the air, bringing a shrill howl as it slashed fiercely towards the branches of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow in the void.

The Flame Lion Beast King’s tricks were equally remarkable; its tail, which was like a whip, swiftly extended, its tip enveloped in flames to form the head of a giant serpent. Accompanied by a piercing shriek, it quickly lunged at the branches.

The other Beast Kings also employed their tactics, not wanting to let the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow succeed, as a torrent of Wind Blades, Thunder Spears, and Rock Thorns bombarded it all at once.

"Boom!!!"

Accompanied by consecutive booming sounds, thick smoke quickly enveloped the firmament, then torn apart by constant lightning, revealing the scene covered by the smoke.

The Extinct Thunder Attraction was still flowing with dazzling light, completely unaffected by the aftermath of the previous assault, and instead, its aura seemed even stronger.

On the contrary, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow, after suffering attacks from so many Beast Kings at once, instantly became tragic.

A great number of branches were slashed or burned off, with droplets of purple-gold liquid spurting from its severed limbs.

The luster of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow’s shiny gold body notably dimmed, and after a brief silence, an angry roar echoed throughout Fallen Thunder Valley.

"You all, are courting death!!!"

At this time, each Beast King that had struck, including Xu Ran who had mingled among them, stood at different positions above Fallen Thunder Valley.

Above their heads was the suspended Extinct Thunder Attraction, and beneath their feet in the deep valley, surged the limitless killing intent of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow.

"Golden Willow Beast King," a mantis-like Earth attribute Beast King spoke unhurriedly, "Resource goes to those with the ability; there’s no rule that says one can monopolize it."

As it spoke, its forelimbs, glistening with cold light, rapidly swung twice in the air, causing even the void to ripple slightly.

With that action, it effortlessly severed several branches of the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow.