Chapter 669 - 329 Thunder Roars In All Directions, Xu Ran Takes Action_4

```

With power involuntarily overflowing into the air, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow finally approached the end of its life.

The Thunder Patterned Gold Willow, fallen!

In the hollow eye sockets of the White Bone Beast King, the cold white pupils trembled violently at this moment.

Ziyun’s recent move had made it feel an intense sense of life-and-death crisis.

And just a short while ago, it had formed considerable enmity with that human who it had once deemed no more than an ant.

At that thought, the White Bone Beast King suddenly became aware of an enveloping sense of murderous intent.

Ziyun, with the power of Divine Punishment not yet fully dissipated, turned her head, her pitch-black indifferent eyes already fixed on it.

Run!!!

Run quickly!!!

The White Bone Beast King’s mind was crazily echoing with its own roar, its instincts from the Fighting Attribute brought to the extreme at this moment, instantly realizing how powerful the opponent in front of it was.

But by now, it was too late to run.

For a black thunderbolt, filled with boundless terrifying power, was born out of nothingness, rapidly approaching Ziyun.

As the black thunderbolt passed by the Extinct Thunder Attraction, its dazzling light trembled at that moment, revealing an almost human emotion that made all creatures present aware of its thoughts.

The Extinct Thunder Attraction was afraid!

Resources powerful enough to clearly surpass the Overlord stage, having reached the Emperor Stage, were all fearing that abruptly appeared thunderbolt!

Yet, that thunderbolt, which held the entire field in awe, finally landed in Ziyun’s hands. In her now completely blackened claws, it circulated like a tame lamb, eventually forming a slender thunder spear.

The thunder spear left her hand, flying towards the White Bone Beast King.

Before it had any chance to struggle or resist, the black thunder spear, surging with terrifying power, instantly pierced through the White Bone Beast King.

Four Stars skills, Violent Sun Level · Astonishing Thunder Fury!!!

In the hollow eye sockets of the White Bone Beast King, the light instantly vanished.

Its body, made up of white bones, fell apart piece by piece, ending up as a small hill of bones, devoid of any hint of vitality.

The White Bone Beast King, fallen!

After slaying two Beast Kings in succession, Ziyun’s figure continued to flicker with successive thunderous sounds.

By the time she returned to Xu Ran’s side, her body no longer emitted black power, for the power of Divine Punishment had finally faded away.

As for the side effects of Divine Punishment, naturally, she chose not to endure them at this critical moment.

In Ziyun’s claws lay a piece of bone white as jade and a small section of solidified gleaming golden resin—King Stage resources left behind by the fall of the two Beast Kings.

They would become the secondary materials for Ziyun’s evolution, the foundation for her stepping into the Emperor Species.

After carefully storing the two resources, Ziyun’s gaze firmly locked onto the Extinct Thunder Attraction in the sky.

This resource was in its final moments before emergence, not yet ready to be taken away.

To take it away, her own evolution would be just one step away!

As the force of Heavenly Punishment dissipated, the suppression also faded, and the Beast Kings around once more felt the elemental forces close to their own. However, the memory of Ziyun’s swift killing of two powerful Beast Kings still firmly imprinted in their minds.

One of the Beast Kings howled and backed away, no longer having the will to fight for the Extinct Thunder Attraction.

Its actions broke the stagnant atmosphere, causing more Beast Kings to consider retreat.

In the end, only a few creatures remained standing in place, gazing at the Extinct Thunder Attraction in the sky while watching each other with wary eyes.

"Chirp~" (That guy hasn’t arrived yet.)

Cancan carefully observed the figures around her, then spoke in a lowered voice.

"It’s probably not sure if Ziyun can use Divine Punishment again," Xu Ran said softly, a sharp gleam flashing in his eyes, "It’s waiting."

"We’re also waiting."

-----------------

[There are still a thousand words to come, please wait.]

```

Its massive body, vibrant with life, began to exude an increasingly intense odor of death.

As power involuntarily spilled into the air, the Thunder Patterned Gold Willow’s life finally reached its end.

The Thunder Patterned Gold Willow, deceased!

In the hollow eye sockets of the White Bone Beast King, the pale luminescence trembled violently at that moment.

Ziyun’s recent strike filled it with an intense sense of life-and-death crisis.

And not long before, it had already developed considerable enmity with that human whom it had once viewed as no more than an ant.

With that thought, the White Bone Beast King suddenly sensed a wave of killing intent enveloping it.

Ziyun, whose power of Divine Punishment had not yet completely dissipated, turned its head, and those pitch-black, indifferent eyes were already fixed upon the beast.

Run!!!

Run quickly!!!

The White Bone Beast King’s mind roared frantically with its own screams as its innate Fighting Attribute Battle Instinct came into full play at that moment, instantly realizing how formidable the opponent before it was.@@novelbin@@

But now, it was far too late to run.

Because a black thunderbolt, harboring boundless power of terror, was born from the void, quickly approaching Ziyun.

When that black thunderbolt brushed past the Extinct Thunder Attraction, the dazzling light of the Extinct Thunder Attraction trembled at that moment, revealing an almost humanized emotion, allowing all beings present to sense its thoughts.

The Extinct Thunder Attraction was afraid!

Even a resource strong enough to surpass the Overlord stage, having reached the Emperor Stage, feared that abrupt appearance of the thunderbolt!

The thunderbolt that stunned the whole scene eventually landed in Ziyun’s hand, flowing between its fully blackened claws like a docile lamb, and eventually turned into a slender thunder spear.

The thunder spear left Ziyun’s grasp, flying toward the White Bone Beast King.

Before it could struggle or resist, the dark thunder spear, surging with terrifying power, instantly pierced through the White Bone Beast King.

Four Stars Skill, Violent Sun Level: Astonishing Thunder Fury!!!

In the empty eye sockets of the White Bone Beast King, the light instantaneously dissipated.

Its body, composed of white bones, crumbled into pieces, ultimately piling into a small mound of bones, never to animate again.

The White Bone Beast King, deceased!

After slaying two Beast Kings in succession, Ziyun’s figure flickered with peals of thunderous sound.

By the time it returned to Xu Ran’s side, no more black power surged on its body, the force of Divine Punishment finally subsiding.

As for the side effects of Divine Punishment, it naturally wouldn’t choose to endure them in such a crucial moment.

In Ziyun’s claw were a piece of jade-like white bone and a small segment of solid golden resin, King Stage resources left behind by the fall of the two Beast Kings.

They would become auxiliary materials for Ziyun’s evolution, forming the foundation for Ziyun to step into the Emperor Species.

After carefully storing the two resources, Ziyun’s gaze firmly locked onto the Extinct Thunder Attraction in the sky.

This resource was in the final moments of its emergence and couldn’t be taken away just yet.

Taking it would mean that its own evolution was just one step away!

As Divine Punishment dissipated, the pressure from Heavenly Punishment faded too, and the Beast Kings around began to feel their connection to the Elemental Power that was native to them, but the horror of Ziyun instantly killing two powerful Beast Kings still imprinted firmly in their minds.

One of the Beast Kings roared as it retreated, already discarding any thoughts of fighting for the Extinct Thunder Attraction.

Its action broke the stagnant atmosphere, prompting more Beast Kings to harbor thoughts of retreat.

In the end, only a few beings still stood in place, gazing at the Extinct Thunder Attraction in the sky while watching each other with wary eyes.

"Chirp~" (That guy hasn’t arrived yet.)

Cancan carefully observed the various figures around before speaking in a subdued voice.

"It’s probably unsure whether Ziyun can use Divine Punishment again," Xu Ran said softly, a sharp glint flashing in his eyes, "It’s waiting."

"We are waiting too."