Chapter 671 - 330: Thunder Dragon Vs Cancan, The True Mastermind Behind The Scenes_2

Its body, now fully elemental, was growing rapidly in size due to the convergence of increasing amounts of power, breaking free from the constraints of its original body type.

Thirty meters... fifty meters... one hundred meters!

Three Star Skill, Violent Sun Level·Myriad Thunder Body!

The Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon, now transformed into a hundred-meter-long dragon, although still much smaller in body size compared to Cancan, was no longer oppressed by Cancan and had grown significantly more formidable in presence, beginning to demonstrate the strength of a full-fledged Beast King.

It let out another fierce roar and then, without hesitation, lunged at Cancan, its sharp claws swiftly sweeping through the void, casting claw shadows like a tempestuous storm, sealing off all of Cancan’s room to evade.

Three Star Skill, Violent Sun Level·Space Break Thunder Claw!

In fact, Cancan didn’t have much room to dodge either.

Its massive body size, ten times that of its opponent, could easily hit the target without precise aiming.

Cancan, realizing this, abandoned any thought of dodging.

Watching the oncoming claw shadows that were swiftly enlarging in its field of vision, Cancan let out a roaring cry to the sky, with an earthy golden halo quickly engulfing its body, and its figure visibly soared once again in size.

Two thousand meters... five thousand meters... ten thousand meters!

Three Star Skill, Halo Level·Echoing of Earth Vein!

Four Star Skill, Violent Sun Level·Heaven-Earth Law!

In just a moment, Cancan’s enormous body almost filled the entire Fallen Thunder Valley.

Although it was inevitable that it collided with those pervasive claw shadows, supported by its ever-increasing power and tough defense, Cancan bore the attacks, leaving only shallow marks on the scales of its back.

Cancan’s immense head lowered, and its glittering golden dragon eyes peered forward, black cracks spreading and twisting as it gazed indifferently down at the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon like a deity, letting out a roar that reverberated throughout Fallen Thunder Valley.

"Chaa!!"

Light patterns of the Dragon Turtle flickered in and out of existence in the void, rapidly covering the area, a domain of inescapable suppression descended thunderously!

A terrifying sense of oppression instantly enveloped the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon, whose huge body, due to elemental transformation, began to shrink slightly under the external suppressive force.

Three Star Skill, Halo Level·Dragon Turtle’s Power!

"Roar!" (You think a Halo Level Skill can stop me?)

The Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon’s eyes, filled with thunder, showed vicious intent as it felt the suppression around it and the intense threat of life and death, but it did not show the slightest fear.

Clutching tightly to the Extinct Thunder Attraction, the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon seemed to have unearthed some methods to use from the brief moment of prior utilization, and now actively channeled its Thunderforce into it.

The next moment, countless violet-black thunderbolts fell from the void unexpectedly, targeting the Extinct Thunder Attraction in the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon’s grasp, but as Cancan was too massive and too close, it instantly became a victim of the dispersion.

Nearly half of the violet-black thunder crashed upon Cancan’s body, and despite its strong defense, could not help but let out anguished roars.

The recently established Dragon Turtle’s Power in the sky also became unstable at this moment due to the backlash of the violet-black thunder and Cancan’s distraction, releasing the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon from any restraints.

The quick-reacting Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon did not miss such a prime opportunity.

Its slender body twisted instantaneously, turning into a large thunderbolt spear at an incredible speed, and with a furious howl, it thrust directly at Cancan’s tightly shut eyes.

The sharp thunderous roar echoed through Fallen Thunder Valley in an instant, and within the thunder spear, the radiance of the Extinct Thunder Attraction shimmered; numerous thunders converged and were frantically absorbed by the spear, strengthening it.

Three Star Skill, Violent Sun Level·Thunderbolt Dragon Spear!

Watching Cancan’s enormous head drawing closer, a fierce killing intent surfaced in the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon’s eyes.

It was the first time it had fought such a massive opponent.

But a large body naturally had the disadvantages of being large.

It meant less agility in dodging, and weak spots were more apparent.

As a Dragon Pet Beast itself, the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon knew well the seemingly impregnable giant in front of it had a vulnerability.

The eyes!

This area, not covered by dragon scales, was one of the weaknesses of dragon creatures.

And because of the significant difference in body size, the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon’s spear was like a sharp needle in front of Cancan.

That size just allowed the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon to pierce through Cancan’s delicate eyelids without hindrance and penetrate into Cancan’s pupils.

It could already imagine thrusting through the pupil and entering the brain of this massive being, killing it instantly.

Slaying such a giant could surely make one proud, right?

The Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon thought to itself.@@novelbin@@

Watching the increasingly close eyes of Cancan, the killing intent in the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon’s heart grew thicker.

However, in the next moment, its vision was overtaken by flowing golden light.

Within that glowing gold, numerous black lines of varying thickness appeared like patterns, or maybe intricate runes, undergoing unfathomably complex changes at every moment, their mystery dizzying and confounding.

Those were Cancan’s opening eyes.

As those eyes opened anew, space and time around seemed to momentarily stagnate.

An absolutely terrifying force of suppression arrived instantaneously, far surpassing the Dragon Turtle’s Power previously used by Cancan, and almost instantly, it brought the Mysterious Azure Thunder Dragon’s swiftly striking thunder spear to a halt in the void.