Chapter 676 - 331 Difficult Victory, Ziyun Evolves!_3

"Meow~" (Please!)

Ziyun patted Cancan’s head before quickly gathering the evolution materials.

Before the struggle for the Extinct Thunder Attraction began, Ziyun had carried all his resources with him.

After all, the time for evolution might come at any moment.

Having secured all the main materials for evolution, Ziyun grabbed the King Stage resources left by the two Beast Kings it had just slain.

These were his auxiliary materials for evolution.

After stowing all the resources away, Ziyun wrapped his bushy tail around them, then gracefully landed on Cancan’s head.

The next moment, Cancan’s body began to grow rapidly in size.

He raised his head high, lifting Ziyun up to the thunder cloud that hadn’t dispersed in the void, and then his form became fixed.

This time, it was his agility that he sacrificed.

The one serving as a foothold didn’t need agility anymore.

Being able to take a beating was all that mattered.

Looking uneasily at the thunder and lightning surging within the thunder cloud, Cancan’s body quickly radiated an earthy yellow halo, as countless clumps of soil completely covered his huge body, turning him into a mountain piercing into the thunder cloud.

Three Star Skill, Halo Level: Giving Body to Fertile Soil.

"Chya!" (Let’s start!)

Cancan, with only his pair of glittering golden eyes visible from the mud, shouted expectantly.

This angle was arguably the best viewing perspective.

Even those below, such as Xu Ran, Star, Twelve, and the absent Firefly, rapidly shared Cancan’s vision to witness the first of their friends to evolve towards the Emperor Species.

"Meow~" (You guys are making me a little nervous.)

Ziyun muttered softly, yet there wasn’t much nervousness in his eyes; instead, a sky-high fighting spirit rose within as he stared at the thunder cloud below his body.

All Skills at Violent Sun Level, all Skills Four Stars.

Among his seven skills, apart from the Immortal Body, the other six were all dual attribute skills.

Which other King Species could reach such a level besides him?

At the General Level, he had independently slain two Beast Kings a stage above him.

Aside from him, how many could make such a claim?@@novelbin@@

With such ample preparation, Ziyun didn’t believe there was any chance of failure for his evolution.

Standing atop Cancan’s head, he stepped forward a few paces, then without any hesitation, he began swallowing the evolution materials.

As each of the evolution materials entered Ziyun’s body, his aura grew increasingly restless and unstable.

Eventually, after having consumed all resources except for the Extinct Thunder Attraction, his aura became chaotic and frenzied, like a powder keg that could explode at any moment.

With the last bit of clarity forced in his dichromatic pupils, Ziyun picked up the Extinct Thunder Attraction and pressed it heavily against his forehead.

"Boom!!!"

Following the thunderous sound that echoed for a long time above the cloud tops, Ziyun’s figure vanished in an instant from the top of Cancan’s head and appeared as high in the sky as possible.

Massive amounts of energy erupted in all directions from Ziyun as the center, and despite lacking the ability to fly, he managed to maintain his position in the void at that moment.

The power of the Extinct Thunder Attraction was activated immediately by the turbulent forces, and a dazzling light burst rapidly from Ziyun’s head.

The lightning, filled with immense destructive power, appeared out of nowhere in the void and, as soon as it materialized, it furiously struck towards the location of the Extinct Thunder Attraction, responding to its call—also its destiny.

However, this time, between the lightning and the Extinct Thunder Attraction, a strange and powerful resistance emerged.

The resistance came from Ziyun, from another force agitated within his body.

Ziyun’s body had turned translucent without notice; veins that should have been hidden inside his body became clearly visible, pulsating with intense and dazzling light.

The force hidden within Ziyun’s body was also being stimulated by this mysterious change, shooting out in every direction.

This was the special power of the Extreme Source Vein Crystal.

Unlike other attributes, the power of Fighting and Super Ability Attributes originated from within the bodies of Transcendent Beings, and the purpose of the Extreme Source Vein Crystal was to activate the Fighting Attribute power to the greatest extent.

Normally, this activation should be gradual.

But under the stimulus of the chaotic forces at that moment, the power of the Extreme Source Vein Crystal went berserk, and in an instant, a tremendous amount of power hidden in Ziyun’s body was released.

The withdrawal of these forces caused Ziyun to go from an inflated ball to an emptied one in an instant. It also kept the lightning drawn by the Extinct Thunder Attraction blocked outside of his forces.

The lightning and Ziyun’s forcibly activated Fighting Attribute power confronted each other outside his body, while inside Ziyun, the chaotic standoff didn’t subside.

The abnormal Fighting Attribute power and the Thunder Attribute power, like eternal enemies, were locked in a fierce battle within Ziyun’s body.

They came from the two Beast Kings that Ziyun had slain.

The two powers harbored immeasurable hatred towards Ziyun that could not be dissipated; in that moment, it erupted, crushing each other while relentlessly destroying the battlefield, which was Ziyun’s body.

Streams of gentle and soothing power worked tirelessly to mend the continuously damaged battlefield, which was the life-affirming energy of the Eternal Life Calamity Dew that Ziyun had consumed.

But the speed of this repair still couldn’t keep up with the pace at which the two forces collided and destroyed each other. In just a breath, Ziyun’s body became riddled with holes because of the clash of forces.