Chapter 682 - 333: Strength Test And Acquaintances

"Beast Master Association... this should be the place."

Following the directions, a man with five Pet Beasts quickly arrived at the Xuanxing City Beast Master Association.

The architecture was unfamiliar, but the grandeur was recognizable.

After a few glances from outside, Xu Ran quickly entered with his five small companions.

The more he visited new cities, the more familiar Xu Ran became with the procedures. He found the relevant service window, unfroze his account, and while receiving his Beast Master Badge from the staff, he asked a question.

"Excuse me, where can I obtain the Starlight Badge?"

"With your strength, sir, you can directly obtain the Starlight Badge by passing the power test," the staff member said, looking at Xu Ran with courteous and respectful eyes.

After all, a King Level Beast Master was already an essential pillar within a Second Level Town.

"The window is over there, turn left when you go out, and you’ll see it."

"Thank you." Xu Ran nodded slightly in gratitude and then turned to leave.

After Xu Ran had left, the employee still had a hint of amazement on his face, "He’s so young. This is the first time I’ve ever seen such a young King Level Beast Master. Did he start meditating in the womb or what?"

"Maybe he just looks young?" a colleague joked with a laugh, "Some Pet Beasts have the ability to help Beast Masters maintain their appearances or to alter them."

"Is that so..." the employee said, suddenly enlightened, "That does seem possible."

"In any case, this is a senior King Level Beast Master. Let’s not gossip behind his back," another colleague chimed in with a slight frown, speaking more seriously, "Li, according to regulations, when an out-of-town King Level Beast Master enters Xuanxing City, it needs to be reported."

"Thanks for the reminder, Liu. I’ll report it now." The employee who had assisted Xu Ran slapped his forehead and quickly stopped gossiping to begin the reporting process.

Meanwhile, Xu Ran, who was unaware that he had been mistaken for a disguised old monster, arrived at the window for the Starlight Badge application.

He directly took out his Beast Master Badge and stated his purpose.

"Hello, I’d like to take the power test to get the Starlight Badge."

"A power test?" The staff member glanced at the Pet Beasts behind Xu Ran.

One... Two... Three... Four... Five...

Five Pet Beasts, King Level?!

At that moment, the employee swiftly stood up, "Please, this way."

He quickly led Xu Ran to a sealed room and began to explain the rules of the test.

"This room can conduct an accurate power test," the staff member paused briefly, "You can let all your Pet Beasts take action together, or just one, and as long as the total strength meets the standard, you will get the Starlight Badge."

"The standard is roughly equivalent to the full strength of an ordinary General Level Beast Master, which is also the minimum strength to ensure one doesn’t easily face danger when leaving the city."

"Only with such strength can the Association confidently award the badge."

"Alright." Xu Ran nodded to show he understood, and then with one hand on the long sword on his back, he walked step by step to the center of the room.

The staff member: "???"

Seeing the five Pet Beasts left to the side, he couldn’t help but question himself.

Was there something unclear in my explanation?

But before the staff member could figure it out, the clear sound of a sword being drawn echoed in the room.@@novelbin@@

By the time the staff member realized what had happened, Xu Ran had already rewrapped his long sword in silk, affixed it to his back, and began walking back.

The energy target in the air had been split cleanly in two.

Seeing the green letters that read "Test Passed" on the screen, the staff member’s mouth hung open, and a human expression of bewilderment appeared on his face.

A human-shaped beast?!

"Looks like I passed," Xu Ran said with a smile.

He had decided on a whim to give it a try.

Every time the contract power reached a new Growth Stage, it brought not only additional contract slots but also two significant improvements for a Beast Master.

The first was the depth of Contractual Sensing.

As the Contractual Sensing deepened, the rapport between the Beast Master and the Pet Beast would also rapidly improve.

The second was the feedback of contract power.

If the Pet Beast’s strength remained the same, but the stage of contract power increased, the power the Beast Master could feedback from the Pet Beast would also increase.

However, normally, an increase in the contract power stage corresponds to a rise in the Pet Beast’s Growth Stage. Additionally, contracting a new Pet Beast in the extra contract slot can also result in new strength feedback.

As a result, a Beast Master’s strength would grow faster than their Pet Beasts with each increase in the contract power stage.

By the Fifth Stage of contract power, the feedback was already close to 20% of the Pet Beast’s own power, a substantial ratio.

If all five Pet Beasts broke through to the King Stage simultaneously, the Beast Master’s own strength could also reach the King Stage level.

Therefore, the King Level Beast Master is a unique stage.

The shortcoming of a Beast Master’s own weakness would gradually disappear at this stage.

Xu Ran was at this very stage now.

Although three of his Pet Beasts had not reached the King Stage and were still at the Elite Stage, and the Firefly Feedback from Ziyun, which was barely better than nothing, his strength had already touched the threshold of the King Stage thanks to the formidable powers of Ziyun and Cancan.

Therefore, Xu Ran wanted to try using his own strength to see if he could pass this test.

Now it seemed that he could.

"Yes, you passed..."

The staff member spoke woodenly.

He had assisted many Beast Masters with their tests, but this was the first time he had seen someone leave their Pet Beasts behind and take on the challenge alone.