Chapter 677 - 331 Difficult Victory, Ziyun Evolves!_4

Ziyun’s heterochromatic eyes were brimming with intense pain. It tightly closed its eyes, simultaneously focusing on the confrontation outside while carefully observing the duel within.

It knew that if it continued to let things run their course, there was almost no hope for a successful evolution.

The only chance lay within Ziyun itself, within that calmly flowing drop of purple-red Blood Essence.

Unlike the wild agitation of the other energies, the Thunder Attribute Emperor Stage Blood Essence was silently present as if it didn’t exist at all, with strands of white radiance quietly circulating within the purple-red halo.

That was the last piece of Evolution Materials integrated into the Blood Essence, the Brilliant Gem.

Gazing at the quiet Blood Essence, Ziyun was clear in its heart that this was merely the calm before a torrential outbreak.

That, after all, was a drop of Emperor Stage Blood Essence.

An Emperor Stage, even though long fallen, the will lingering within its blood was enough to give it a hard time.

At this moment, it appeared so docile primarily because of the Brilliant Gem.

This resource harbored a natural affinity with Emperor Stage powers, which for Emperor Stage Blood Essence, was akin to an irresistibly delicious food.

Before digesting this food, the Blood Essence was apathetic to everything else.

But as food, the Brilliant Gem would also fortify the Blood Essence, along with the will of the Emperor Stage that lingered within it.

Therefore, once the Blood Essence fully devoured the Brilliant Gem, Ziyun would endure a terrifying backlash.

To prevent this, it had to absorb the strength of the Blood Essence as much as possible before the Blood Essence erupted, making Ziyun’s already tough situation even more difficult.

It exerted all its energy to stimulate the remaining Fighting Attribute power, controlling its own blood, continuously washing over the Emperor Stage Blood Essence.

Every wash took away an extremely fine thread of power from the Blood Essence, providing the exhausted Ziyun with a trace of new strength.

However, such washing was painful. It had nearly mobilized all the blood within Ziyun’s body, and within that body, chaotic energies were wreaking havoc.

Diverting a sliver of its mind, Ziyun manipulated its power, beginning to suppress the madly grinding Fighting Attribute and Thunder Attribute powers within its body.

Armed with as many as six Violent Sun Level dual attribute Skills, it possessed an exceptional ability to balance attributes, and the conflicting powers which ordinary beings struggled to control were like docile lambs in Ziyun’s hands.

It swiftly took control of its own power and then began to intimidate those external forces.

Deriving from two resources of King Stage quality, infused with the wills of two Beast Kings, that will, though full of hatred, was mostly fear.

After all, Ziyun’s invincible strength was the last scene witnessed by the two Beast Kings before their demise.

Thus, as Ziyun’s power enveloped its aura and came crashing down, the two external forces simultaneously recalled the fear they had felt during their lives.

Their strife and combat eerily came to a halt.

The Eternal Life Calamity Dew quickly seized this opportunity to restore Ziyun’s damaged body with its vast vitality.

Feeling the pain in its body begin to fade, Ziyun quietly breathed a sigh of relief.

At that moment, it seemed to understand why the Evolution Ritual required it to kill on its own.

Swiftly absorbing the two kinds of power to fortify itself in the midst of suppression, Ziyun’s gaze returned to that drop of Blood Essence.

At this point, the Blood Essence was almost completely absorbing the power of the Brilliant Gem, and its original volume had also considerably shrunk due to the continuous blood wash.

Seemingly sensing the crisis, the Blood Essence accelerated the absorption of the Brilliant Gem’s power, and the vague shadow of a terrifying creature concealed within also began to further ferment.

This was the will of the Emperor Stage hidden within the Blood Essence. Even just a trace was far superior to Ziyun at the moment.

Therefore, it must not succeed!

Ziyun let out an angry roar, as the powers from the Fighting Attribute and Thunderforce drawn from the two sources rapidly interwove and spun within its body, transforming into a millstone that erases all, heading towards that half-damaged drop of Blood Essence to suppress it.

Under the sudden explosive suction within the millstone, the Blood Essence uncontrollably split into numerous fine branches, forcefully sucked in by Ziyun.

The will of the Emperor Stage, barely maintaining its form, let out a fierce hiss. Its aura, however, grew weaker and feeble, ultimately exploding within Ziyun’s body, dissipating completely into specks of light halos.

With that, the power within Ziyun was completely unified.@@novelbin@@

It opened its eyes imbued with endless thunder, looking towards the thunderbolts raging outside, trying to approach itself.

In the prolonged standoff, the destructive thunderbolt and the forcibly blossoming power of the Fighting Attribute within Ziyun seemed to have undergone an unusual change.

The boundaries between them began to blur, and at the junction, the two forces seemed to be merging, and a new power was being born.

Ziyun, sensing this scene, had its eyes flicker.

The next moment, an invisible force turned into a tide of shockwaves, rapidly spreading out from it in all directions, encompassing the clashing powers.

Four Stars Skills, Violent Sun LevelHeavenly Punishment!

Under the domain of Heavenly Punishment, both the Fighting Attribute’s power and the Thunderforce were greatly enhanced.

And Ziyun’s control over both powers was also significantly strengthened.

Feeling the colliding powers within the domain of Heavenly Punishment, it knew what to do next.

Fusion!

Complete fusion!

At this moment, Thunder Shocker was activated by Ziyun, the Path of Destruction bloomed under its feet, Thunder Punishment meandered in its paws, and Astonishing Thunder Fury interwove in the void.

At this moment, the already cooling Divine Punishment was also mysteriously stimulated, flickering a shroud of darkness deep within Ziyun’s pupils. Explore more at empire

Six Violent Sun Level Dual Attribute Four Stars Skills, with their domineering and forceful postures, oppressed the raging powers, trying to fuse them together.

Bit by bit.

With the intervention of an external force, the intertwining speed of the two powers accelerated, their boundaries grew increasingly indistinct, and eventually, it was almost impossible to see any boundary at all.

The purple-black thunder power was diluted, becoming semi-transparent purple power. Having fused with the Fighting Attribute’s power, it faced no more obstacles and in a flash crossed all barriers, striking the Extinct Thunder Attraction on Ziyun’s forehead.

Boom!!!

Accompanied by a thunderous roar that shook the heavens, a brilliant white light of evolution burst forth above the dark thunder cloud, piercing heartlessly through the gloom, revealing a clear sky.

On the ground, Xu Ran slightly narrowed his eyes, staring intently in Ziyun’s direction.

It was closer, even closer now.

He felt a figure equipped with a tremendously formidable power rapidly approaching him.

The next moment, the light of evolution slowly dimmed.

Ziyun’s form had also descended from the sky, appearing in front of Xu Ran.