Chapter 683 - 333: Strength Test And Acquaintances_2

It wasn’t until Xu Ran reminded him that he remembered to award the badge.

Soon after, Xu Ran, playing with a badge engraved with a star pattern and accompanied by five little creatures, strolled out of the Beast Master Association.

Now, he had only one goal left.

That was to find a place to stay for the night.

If possible, it would be best to sort out the shop location issue as well.

However, this task turned out to be smoother than he anticipated.

Experience more on empire

Because just a few steps after leaving the Beast Master Association, Xu Ran saw an acquaintance.

"Xu... Boss Xu?!" Liu Fengyun looked at Xu Ran in astonishment, his face filled with disbelief, "I thought I was seeing things! It really is you!"

"What brings you to Xuanxing City?"

"Boss Liu, long time no see." Xu Ran’s face also showed surprise, "I thought you were still in Monster Wooden City."

"Monster Wooden City is getting better and better, many of the bosses we met back then have chosen to stay and develop there." Liu Fengyun smiled, "But I still prefer Xuanxing City, so I came back."

"Let’s talk about you, why have you come to Xuanxing City?" Liu Fengyun’s eyes sparkled with a teasing tone, "You’re not here to open a branch, are you?"

Suddenly, the surroundings became quiet.

Realizing something from Xu Ran’s strange expression, Liu Fengyun’s teasing face gradually shifted to astonishment, "Are you really planning to open a branch in Xuanxing City?!"

"Indeed, I’ve just arrived today," Xu Ran smiled, "It looks like I’ll be counting on you more in the future."

"You, this..." Liu Fengyun’s expression became quite animated.

He had long regarded Xu Ran as a friend, and naturally, he was happy for his friend to open a store in Xuanxing City, but with such an abnormal fellow coming in, his own foster shop was going to have a harder time.

In Monster Wooden City, he had witnessed just how strong Xu Ran’s Washing and Protection technique was, and it wasn’t just the Washing and Protection that made Starfire Foster Care Shop strong; their foster and training services were equally matchless.

Such a fellow was like a catfish disrupting a pond.

"Forget it, forget it." He sighed deeply, Liu Fengyun waved his hand, "Have you picked out a shop yet? Do you need my help?"

"In Xuanxing City, I still have some sway."

"I haven’t chosen yet, please recommend a good shop for sale, Boss Liu." Xu Ran chuckled, not standing on ceremony.

"Alright then, we—oh no, that’s not right." Liu Fengyun smacked his forehead, "I was so surprised to see you, I forgot I had something important to do."

"I’m on my way to the Beast Master Association. Shall I finish there and then take you to see shops?"

"I’ve just come from there. Shall we go together?" Xu Ran chuckled, "If there’s anything I can help you with, don’t be shy."

Having found a reliable guide in Liu Fengyun, the problem of finding a shop location was halfway resolved. With nothing else to do, he might as well accompany Liu Fengyun back to the Association.

"That’s fine too," Liu Fengyun thought for a moment, with nothing to hide about his own matters, and nodded agreeably.

Side by side, the two returned to the Beast Master Association, casually chatting along the way.

Through Liu Fengyun, Xu Ran also learned about the current situation in Monster Wooden City.

After the successful evolution of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, the realm of the Monster Wooden Domain kept expanding outward, and Monster Wooden City, once a ruin, also rose from the ashes, expanding its size. Now, in terms of the scale of the city, it was even larger than Xieyun City.

More and more human Beast Masters came to the city, drawn by its name, migrating to within Monster Wooden City, injecting new blood into the city eager for revival.

But the Washing and Protection Service of the foster shops in Monster Wooden City wasn’t doing too well.

Because the Semi-Saint of the evolved Demon Wood began to bestow treasures capable of cleansing and enhancing the condition of the creatures within the Monster Wooden Domain without any compensations.

Not Mystical Wood Dew, but an upgraded version, Saint Spirit Dew.@@novelbin@@

This meant that foster shops could only transition towards providing services like fostering and training companions.

Xu Ran was already aware of this.

The revenues from the Washing and Protection Services at Monster Wooden City’s Starfire Foster Care Shop kept declining, while the other two services increased. He had seen it clearly through the system backend, and the system store manager of Monster Wooden City had also called him to explain the situation.

After discussing the situation in Monster Wooden City, inevitably, the two turned to talk about what made Xuanxing City special.

"Boss Xu, our Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop in Xuanxing City has much stronger capabilities than during our Monster Wooden City days," Liu Fengyun said with a chuckle, "The main reason is Star Stone."

"Many of our specialized equipment require Star Stone energy to function. They can’t be used in Monster Wooden City, hence our abilities there were compromised."

"Although your Starfire Foster Shop is strong, it won’t be easy to outdo our Wind and Cloud here in Xuanxing City." The confidence was evident on Liu Fengyun’s face.

"Once my shop is settled, I will certainly visit," Xu Ran smiled.

He was also curious about the equipment energized by Star Stones.

"That’s a promise." Liu Fengyun nodded, then his tone changed, "Here we are."

As they spoke, the two had returned to the Beast Master Association.

This time, Liu Fengyun went directly into a particular area of the Association, while Xu Ran silently followed behind, not uttering a word.

Shortly thereafter, they arrived at a conference room.

In the conference room, a well-built man was holding a tablet, replaying a video.

As Xu Ran and Liu Fengyun entered, the man looked up, but quickly his gaze shifted from Liu Fengyun to Xu Ran, following behind him, a glimmer of surprise in his eyes.

"Vice President Qin, can the Association give me a result for the thing last time?"