Chapter 680 - 332: The Powerful Astonishing Cloud Chaser, The Next Target_3

[★★★★Thunder Punishment (Violent Sun Level)]

[★★★★Immortal Body (Violent Sun Level)]

[★★★★Heavenly Punishment (Violent Sun Level)]

[★★★★Divine Punishment (Violent Sun Level)]

[★★★★Astonishing Thunder Fury (Violent Sun Level)]

[★★★★Cloud Break Sky (Stardust Level)](0/100)[+]

[★★★★Imperial Crown (Stardust Level)](0/100)[+]]

Looking at the lines of text before him, Xu Ran couldn’t help but show a look of amazement on his face.

Before today, he knew that the gap between King Species and Emperor Species was large, but seeing the specific data, he realized just how huge it really was.

Cancan, also at the King Stage, had a power progression limit of only 600w, while Ziyun had a full ten million.

This nearly double power gap meant that Ziyun could effortlessly trounce several Cancans.

That was only the gap in pure strength. Considering the formidable oppressive power of the Imperial Crown, an exclusive skill of the Emperor Species, Ziyun’s strength was even more formidable.

Having concept of Ziyun’s current strength, Xu Ran then looked toward Ziyun’s skill list.

Beyond the original seven skills, there were two completely new skills added.

Apart from the Imperial Crown, there was another called Cloud Break Sky.

"Ziyun, what is the effect of Cloud Break Sky?" Xu Ran asked curiously.

"Meow!" (Watch closely!)

Ziyun, with a smug expression, immediately began to demonstrate.

It slightly raised its head to look at the sky, then lifted a claw and pressed it against the air in front of it.

"Zi la—"

Along with the sound of air being pierced by thunderbolt, a tangible thunder light converged instantly under its feet.

With another step, more thunder light was fixed into the void.

One step... Two steps...

As Ziyun’s steps moved forward, a path quickly formed in the void, gathering from the thunder.

Thus, it walked on the thunder light as if treading on flat ground, moving through the void.

"Is this... flying?" Xu Ran’s face revealed a trace of astonishment.

Before, although Ziyun had the Path of Destruction skill, that skill could only help it move faster and didn’t grant it the ability to fly.

But now, Ziyun’s slow movement was still sufficient for it to stay in the air, which undoubtedly meant that it truly had acquired the ability to fly.

For a moment, Xu Ran’s expression became somewhat peculiar.

He still remembered that he had once wanted a pet beast capable of flying, to carry him and let him experience the joy of flying through the air.

After the Twelve Evolution, it became capable of flight, but it was still a long way from carrying him to fly.

Unexpectedly, Ziyun had fulfilled his little dream first.

"Meow~" (That’s not all~)

A hint of a smile played on Ziyun’s face.

A Four Stars skill, if it had only as simple an ability as flight, would be somewhat unworthy of its name.

Its speed suddenly accelerated, transforming into a light purple blur, and in a blink, it was already hundreds of meters in the sky.

Incredible air waves, carrying vast energy, spun rapidly beside it, accumulating. As Ziyun’s speed increased, the accumulated power became more and more terrifying, eventually reaching a level that left Xu Ran and the other three little ones dumbfounded.

The next moment, Ziyun, while on the run, suddenly swung a claw at the thunder cloud in the sky that hadn’t completely dispersed.

The gathered power seemed to find a vent, like a terrifying cannon, enveloping a force that seemed capable of destroying everything, hitting heavily into the midst of the thunder cloud.

The thunder cloud in the void was completely washed away, and the dreadful residual energy continued unabated, shooting into the unknown depths of the void.

After fully displaying Cloud Break Sky, Ziyun then casually returned to Xu Ran’s side, with a proud expression on its face.

"Meow?" (Impressive skill, isn’t it?)

"Impressive. I feel that after its upgrade to Violent Sun Level, it’s not any less powerful than your other output skills," Xu Ran nodded earnestly, "So what exactly is the effect of this skill?"

"Meow~" (This skill...)

Ziyun explained with a smile.

Flying was just a minor ability attached to Cloud Break Sky.

The true effect of Cloud Break Sky was to accumulate power and then release it all at once, and the way it accumulated power was somewhat unique.

Speed.

The faster Ziyun moved, the quicker it could accumulate power, and the resultant impact would be all the more astonishing.

"So... you didn’t fully deploy this skill just now?" After hearing about the skill’s effects from Ziyun, Xu Ran’s eyebrows subtly rose, "Your fastest speed is under Path of Destruction, if you use Cloud Break Sky while under Path of Destruction..."

"Meow~" (Exactly!)

Ziyun nodded with a smile.

By itself, this skill wasn’t much different from its other output skills, but paired with the acceleration from Path of Destruction, the damage from this skill could multiply.@@novelbin@@

Consequently, it would become the strongest output skill after Divine Punishment for Ziyun.

But Divine Punishment had side effects, while Cloud Break Sky did not.

"That’s just wonderful," Xu Ran said, a relieved smile on his face, "Just for this skill alone, the evolution was worth it."

"Meow~" (It wasn’t easy for me to get this.)

Ziyun recollected the perilous evolution it had just undergone.

"Cha~" (I want to experience that kind of hardship too~)

Cancan, back to its miniature body type, couldn’t help muttering softly.

After Ziyun completed its evolution, it had been looking at Ziyun several times.