Chapter 681 - 332: The Powerful Astonishing Cloud Chaser, The Next Target_4

Following Ziyun’s breakthrough, which greatly enhanced its power, it had to cede its position as the temporary strongest in the team once again.

Damn it!

Star and Twelve, who were nearby, although silent, looked at Ziyun with equally envious eyes.

As for Firefly, who hadn’t come to Fallen Thunder Valley and was remotely watching the whole process, it was so envious that it was rolling on the bed.

Emperor Species!

From Ziyun, they could clearly feel that overpoweringly strong aura that completely dominated over them, an absolute crushing force of a higher life level.

This is the charm of evolution.

For a moment, those who had already obtained the evolution paths of the Emperor Species rubbed their hands in anticipation, their will to evolve stronger than ever.

Those who hadn’t obtained the Emperor Species evolution paths were looking forward even more to the next resource allocation, hoping for new evolution paths.

They, too, wanted to grow stronger!

"Ziyun’s evolution has ended, and with that, a chapter closes," Xu Ran said with a smile, surveying the surroundings, feeling the emotions of the other four companions.

Once Fallen Thunder Valley, now after this battle, the surrounding mountaintops were significantly flattened, and the landscape had drastically changed. Furthermore, with the Extinct Thunder Attraction absorbed by Ziyun, the constant shroud of thunder was no more.

In a sense, Fallen Thunder Valley no longer existed in this world.

"Let’s go back," Xu Ran spoke softly and then turned to Ziyun, "The rebound of Divine Punishment also needs to be quickly endured."

Upon these words, Ziyun, who was initially in high spirits from evolving into the Emperor Species, had its expression collapse in an instant.

Divine Punishment and Rebound!

It had almost forgotten about this.

Thinking about the pain it had experienced in the past, Ziyun’s face was filled with conflict and helplessness.

It really wanted to run away, but there was no escape.

Unless it never used Divine Punishment again, it had to face the rebound sooner or later.

But, Divine Punishment was so useful!

Up until now, Ziyun had not seen a more powerful ability than it. With one burst, Divine Punishment allowed Ziyun to easily overcome enemies above its level.

"Meow~" (Let’s go back~)

Ziyun heaved a deep sigh, showing a resigned expression as if ready to meet its fate.

Half an hour later, the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Bright Radiance City was filled with Ziyun’s extremely pitiful screams of agony.

-----------------

"Alright, let’s pack our bags."

After caressing Ziyun in his arms, who looked utterly despondent after enduring the Divine Punishment and Rebound, Xu Ran smiled and spoke, "It’s time to leave Bright Radiance City."

Choosing to open a branch in Bright Radiance City was primarily because it was closest to the Extinct Thunder Attraction, making it easy to keep tabs on the situation.

Now that the Extinct Thunder Attraction had been acquired and the branch’s fame requirements were met, there was no longer any reason to stay here.

It’s time to head to a new city and start the fourth branch in a Second-Level Town.

"Xi Lu~" (Where are we going next?)

Star let out a curious whinny.

"The next city we’re heading to has some connection to you," responded Xu Ran with a smile, looking at Star.

"Xi Lu?" (Me?)

A look of surprise appeared in Star’s eyes, not expecting the next destination to be related to itself.

"That’s right," Xu Ran nodded, "Ziyun has successfully completed its evolution, and based on the order in which the Emperor Species evolution path was obtained and the conditions for evolution met, the next one prepared to evolve is you."

"You haven’t forgotten your Evolution Ritual, have you?"

"Xi Lu~" (Of course not!)

Star shook its head without hesitation.

Its own evolution was critical; it remembered every word regarding the evolution conditions, materials, and ritual firmly in its mind – how could it forget?

To evolve into Star Cloud Guardian, the Evolution Ritual was twofold.

First, it had to assist a Transcendent Being not yet at the King Stage to defeat a Dark King Level Transcendent Being, obtaining its core resources as auxiliary materials for the evolution.

Second, the Evolution Ritual should be completed on the night of Star Cloud when the stars shine upon us.

Based on the previous plan, the first step should have been to assist Ziyun in killing a Dark King Level being.

But unpredictable events like storms can arise; during this time, no suitable Dark King Level adversaries have been encountered, and none competing for the Extinct Thunder Attraction were of the dark attribute.

Now that both Ziyun and Cancan have reached the King Stage, Starfire had to switch its assistance target to either the twelve or the fireflies.

However, Starfire wasn’t in a panic.

It believed in the speed at which these two companions could increase their strength.

And this phase of the Evolution Ritual wasn’t picky about location.

Thus, Xu Ran’s mention of the next destination being related to him could only relate to the other step of the Evolution Ritual.

On the night of Star Cloud, complete the Evolution when the stars cast their light.

"Xi Lu?" (Are we going to a city with stars?)

"That’s right," Xu Ran nodded slightly, "I happen to know of a city that can meet the requirement of ’stars shining upon us.’

"There, you should find it very suitable for completing your evolution."

-----------------

"Alright, let’s pack our luggage."

Touching Ziyun in his arms, who looked despondent after enduring Divine Punishment and Rebound, Xu Ran spoke with a smile, "It’s time to leave Bright Radiance City."

Choosing to open a branch in Bright Radiance City was because it was closest to the Extinct Thunder Attraction, making it easy to stay informed about it.

Now that the Extinct Thunder Attraction has been obtained, and the branch’s fame requirements have been met, lingering here has lost its purpose.

It’s time to head to a new city and set up the fourth branch in a Second Level Town.

"Xi Lu~" (Where are we going next?)

Starfire neighed inquiringly, full of curiosity.

"The next city we’re going to has something to do with you," Xu Ran chuckled, looking at Starfire.

"Xi Lu?" (Me?)

Starfire showed surprise in its eyes, clearly not expecting the next destination to be related to itself.

"Exactly," Xu Ran nodded, "Now that Ziyun has successfully evolved, according to the order of obtaining evolution paths for Emperor Species and the fulfillment of evolution conditions, you’re the next one to prepare for evolution."

"You haven’t forgotten your own Evolution Ritual, have you?"

"Xi Lu~" (Of course not!)

Starfire shook its head without hesitation.

Being concerned with its own evolution, it committed every word of the evolution conditions, evolution materials, and the Evolution Ritual to heart; how could it forget?

To evolve into a Star Cloud Guardian, the Evolution Ritual is divided into two steps.

First, to assist a Transcendent Being that hasn’t reached the King Stage in defeating a Dark King Level Extraordinary Being and obtaining its core resource as an Evolution Material.

Second, to complete the evolution on the night of Star Cloud, when the stars shine upon us.

According to the previous plan, the first step was to assist Ziyun in killing a Dark King Level being.

But as fate would have it like a sudden storm, suitable Dark King Level opponents haven’t been encountered in this period, and none in the battle for the Extinct Thunder Attraction were of the dark attribute.

Now that both Ziyun and Cancan have reached the King Stage, Starfire could only turn to either Twelve or the fireflies for assistance.

Yet Starfire wasn’t flustered.

It trusted the pace at which these two companions were improving their strength.

And this part of the Evolution Ritual didn’t require a specific place.

So, when Xu Ran mentioned that the next destination had something to do with him, it could only concern the other part of the Evolution Ritual.@@novelbin@@

On the night of Star Cloud, complete the Evolution with the stars casting their light.

"Xi Lu?" (Do we need to go to a city with stars?)

"Right," Xu Ran nodded slightly, "I just happen to know such a city that can fulfill the ’stars shining’ requirement."

"Over there, it should be quite suitable for you to complete your evolution."