Chapter 684 - 333: Strength Test And Acquaintances_3

Sitting down in the conference room, Liu Fengyun looked at the burly man with neither subservience nor arrogance, "According to Article 8 of Xuanxing City’s public security law, a Beast Master who causes trouble for the common people must take full responsibility and pay double compensation for all losses."@@novelbin@@

"Du Long’s behavior has clearly constituted such troublemaking."

"Four days have passed, so why has the Association not issued a resolution?"

"Sss~" Vice President Qin rubbed his brow, his face showing a hint of helplessness, "This matter... is indeed somewhat difficult to handle."

"To this point, I might as well be frank with you," Vice President Qin sighed, "This Du Long is not an ordinary person, he has connections."

"Therefore, to expect a just resolution to this matter, there’s significant resistance."

"Does the Beast Master Association intend to just watch and do nothing?" Liu Fengyun’s eyebrows were tightly furrowed, his voice taking on a few shades deeper.

"No... Of course we won’t do nothing," Vice President Qin replied with a bitter smile, "but it might require a little more time..."

Standing behind Liu Fengyun, Xu Ran didn’t say a word, but he was also quietly observing Vice President Qin.

On the way here, Liu Fengyun had already given Xu Ran a brief explanation of the situation.

And the situation was not complicated.

The Beast Master named Du Long had gone to Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop to have his pet beast cleaned and groomed, but the person who received him was not Liu Fengyun, it was another hired groomer.

This groomer was a woman with good looks. During the grooming process, Du Long, driven by lust, verbally harassed the groomer and showed tendencies to take action, which was sternly refused by the groomer.

Liu Fengyun, who rushed over after hearing about the incident, did not hesitate to kick Du Long out. Yet, this action infuriated Du Long.

He wreaked havoc in Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop and cursed as he left.

Fortunately, Du Long had not completely lost his senses to injure or even kill someone; the only losses of Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop were some properties.

After the incident, Liu Fengyun immediately reported it to the Beast Master Association for handling, but the decision on Du Long was delayed, prompting him to visit again.

What followed, led to the current conversation.

Clearly, this Du Long character had substantial connections, enough to give even the Vice President of the Beast Master Association a headache.

-----------------

[Still 3,000 words to go, hustling]

"This room can perform accurate strength tests." The staff member paused before continuing, "You may let your pet beasts fight together, or just one pet beast at a time. As long as the total strength meets the standard, you can acquire the Starlight Badge."

"The benchmark is roughly equivalent to the full strength of an ordinary General Level Beast Master, which is also the minimum strength to ensure one won’t easily encounter danger outside the city."

"Only with such strength can the Association confidently bestow the badge."

"Alright," Xu Ran nodded in acknowledgment, then with one hand on the long sword at his back, he stepped towards the center of the room.

Staff member: "???"

Enjoy new chapters from empire

Looking at the five pet beasts left to the side, he fell into self-doubt.

Was there anything unclear in his explanation just now?

How come...

Before the staff member could figure it out, a crisp sound of a sword rang throughout the room.

By the time the staff member snapped back to reality, Xu Ran had already rewrapped his long sword in silk cloth, secured it on his back, and began walking back.

The energy target in the air had been split cleanly in two.

Seeing the four green characters "Test Passed" appear on the light screen, the staff member’s mouth hung open, his face assuming an all-too-human blankness.

A human-shaped beast?!

"It seems I’ve passed," Xu Ran said with a smile.

He too had made a spontaneous decision to try.

With every stage increase in contract power, not only additional contract slots are obtained, but two significant improvements are also brought to a Beast Master.

First, the depth of Contractual Sensing.

As contractual sensing deepens, so does the rapport between a Beast Master and their pet beasts.

Second is the Firefly Feedback of the contract power.

With the pet beast’s strength constant, the rise in stages of contract power also increases the power a Beast Master can receive in feedback from their pet beast.

But typically, an increase in stages of contract power corresponds to an increase in the growth stage of pet beasts. Besides that, contracting with new pet beasts provides opportunities for new power feedback.

This means that the strength of a Beast Master, as contract power stages increase, will grow faster than that of the pet beasts.

By the Fifth Stage contract power, the feedback power is nearly 20% of the pet beasts’ own strength, a considerable proportion indeed.

If five pet beasts simultaneously breakthrough to King Stage, the Beast Master’s own strength can also reach King Stage.

Thus, the King Level Beast Master is a special stage.

The shortcoming of a Beast Master’s own weakness will gradually disappear at this stage.

Xu Ran is currently in this stage.

Although three of his pet beasts have not reached King Stage and are still at the Elite Stage, and the feedback from the Firefly is almost negligible, because of the formidable strength of Ziyun and Cancan, he had already reached the threshold of King Level.

So, Xu Ran wanted to test if he could pass this test with his own strength.

Now it seemed that he could.

"Yes, you’ve passed," the staff member said woodenly.

He had assisted many Beast Masters in testing, but this was the first time seeing someone leave their pet beasts aside and face the challenge alone.

So much so, that it wasn’t until Xu Ran reminded him did he remember to bestow the badge.