Chapter 689 - 334: Starfire Foster Shop In Xuanxing City, Grand Opening!_4

This was what Zhou Yong was interested in.

He wanted to see what was so special about this washing and protection that cost twice as much.

"Wuu~"

The Refining Flame Monkey nodded and quickly followed Xu Ran.

Through prior communication with Zhou Yong, it had learned that the foster shop for this washing and protection was not the familiar one it had known before.

The one who would be caring for it was a completely new person.

As the pair, human and pet beast, entered the cleaning and caring room, the door slowly closed behind them.

Outside the room, Zhou Yong, who had no idea what awaited him and the Refining Flame Monkey, slapped Tang Mu’s shoulder with a chuckle, "Old Tang, their lounge doesn’t look too bad, want to sit for a while?"

Tang Mu nodded, and the two soon sat down in the lounge, starting to chat leisurely.

Meanwhile, inside the cleaning and caring room, Xu Ran, having settled the Refining Flame Monkey, began the pre-wash preparations orderly and methodically.

-----------------

[Two thousand words remain, frantically typing away]

"Hoo-hoo!"

The Wind Roar Beast let out a cheer and dashed into it, frolicking in the sea of wind, its face brimming with satisfaction.

Clearly, it enjoyed the environment here.

Tang Mu, who shared a contractual sensing with the Wind Roar Beast, could feel an emotion in the beast that it had never experienced during previous inspections.

Zhou Yong stood by, equally gobsmacked.

"All this area, just for the Wind Roar Beast?" he inhaled sharply, a hint of envy coloring his expression.

In an ordinary foster shop, such an area might represent the entire foster space, but here, such a large space was dedicated to just one pet beast.

What a pity that his own pet beast no longer had the need for fostering.

A golden kennel is not as good as its own doghouse.

Otherwise, he would definitely choose this foster shop.

Zhou Yong, who had thought of this establishment as a black shop just ten minutes prior, turned to Tang Mu, "What are you hesitating for? Let’s settle for this place."

Enjoy new chapters from empire

So what if Pingtian Foster Shop was considered the best in Xuanxing City?

In his opinion, it wouldn’t take long for this shop to surpass Pingtian Foster Shop.

In Tang Mu’s heart, he was quite tempted.

However, he knew well that for fostering, the environment was just one aspect.

There was another part to consider.

"I want to know, how do you normally prepare food for the fostered pet beasts?" Tang Mu asked earnestly.

"We have a dedicated food preparation room, please follow me this way," Xu Ran said with a smile, quickly leading them to a building where the food was prepared.

After a tour, Xu Ran magically produced a long list, "If you choose our shop for fostering, this will be the daily menu for the Wind Roar Beast."

"This…" Tang Mu glanced at it and couldn’t look away.

The menu was much richer than the food he prepared for the Wind Roar Beast, and it seemed very nutritionally balanced, leaving him nothing to criticize.

"We’ll go with your place," he said, handing the list back to Xu Ran, making his decision final.

"Thank you for choosing our shop," Xu Ran’s face displayed a hint of a smile.

Good, the new shop’s first business deal was sealed!

After reluctantly leaving the Wind Roar Beast in the foster area, Tang Mu and Zhou Yong followed Xu Ran back into the shop.

Without any hesitation, Tang Mu paid for a month’s fostering and looked at Xu Ran, "Boss Xu, I entrust my Wind Roar Beast to your care."@@novelbin@@

"Rest assured, our shop will take great care of each and every fostered pet beast, giving them a home away from home," Xu Ran replied solemnly.

"That being said, your shop really is strange," Zhou Yong chuckled from the side, "I just realized, not only is your fostering expensive, but your cleaning and accompanying training services are more expensive than elsewhere."

"But just like fostering, our prices depend on the service," Xu Ran responded with a smile.

"Oh? So your cleaning is better than other places too?" Zhou Yong asked skeptically, "Really or not?"

"For fostering environments, you can improve it with those expensive technologies, but how much better can cleaning get?" Zhou Yong spoke with some disbelief, "Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop is the best in Xuanxing City I’ve seen so far for cleaning."

"Well," Xu Ran chuckled, "Words are wind; you might as well try it out for yourself. After the experience, you’ll know where the difference lies."

"Once I’ve tried, I’ll have to pay," Zhou Yong rolled his eyes before his tone changed, "but I really do want to give it a try."

His pet beast was just in need of washing and protection.

Based on what he had seen earlier, Zhou Yong was quite curious: what exactly made this expensive service so special?

"But let me make one thing clear," Zhou Yong huffed, "I’m a regular at the Wind and Cloud Foster Shop, and I’ve had plenty of pet beast cleaning and caring, so I’m not a complete layman. You won’t have it so easy trying to fool me."

"Of course, I wouldn’t dream of fooling you," Xu Ran smiled, "Please."

"Alright!" Zhou Yong looked towards Tang Mu, "Old Tang, are you heading back first?"

"We agreed that I’d take you out for lunch, why go back now?" Tang Mu shook his head, "You’ve accompanied me for a few days of evaluation; washing and protecting your pet beast for once is nothing."

"And besides, I am quite curious about the level of service in this shop."

"Fair enough," Zhou Yong laughed heartily as a Hexagram Star Array burst into light behind him.

Soon after, a monkey-type pet beast engulfed in raging flames stepped out from the swirling winds.

It was a Fire Attribute King Species, the Refining Flame Monkey.

"Boss Xu, this is the one," Zhou Yong crossed his arms and winked gleefully.

Choosing this pet beast was not a decision made on a whim.

Even though it was of King Species, the Refining Flame Monkey wasn’t large in size. Having reached the General stage, it remained a medium-sized pet beast, which meant lower caring costs.

Being a fire pet beast, the Refining Flame Monkey was also the most challenging one to clean and care for among all of Zhou Yong’s pets.

Sparing some money while thoroughly testing the young shop owner’s service level, Zhou Yong felt like giving his wit a hundred likes.

"No problem," Xu Ran glanced at the Refining Flame Monkey, not daunted by its fire attribute in the slightest.

Whatever your attribute, once you enter the washing room, you’ll sing for me!

System Identification, let’s go!

[Race name: Refining Flame Monkey

Attribute: Fire

Growth stage: General

Body Type: Medium

Washing and Protection requirement: ★★★☆☆

Evaluation: The scorching flames conceal its body’s longing for care; this is a burned-out monkey that needs the host’s nimble hands to provide joy!]

Burned-out monkey...

Xu Ran was momentarily at a loss for words.

Oh system, no matter how much this monkey burns, it isn’t as saucy as you.

"Please follow me," Xu Ran composed himself and turned towards the washing room.

"Go ahead," Zhou Yong waved towards the Refining Flame Monkey, chuckling mischievously.

He wasn’t in the habit of accompanying his pet beast during the cleaning process.

Because Zhou Yong believed assessing the before and after of a wash without watching the process allowed for a clearer perception of the differences.

However, Zhou Yong activated sensory sharing with the Refining Flame Monkey.

In doing so, he could better feel what the Refining Flame Monkey experienced during the wash.

That was what Zhou Yong was concerned with.

He was eager to see just what made this service cost double so special.

"Woo~"

The Refining Flame Monkey nodded and followed closely behind Xu Ran.

Through the prior communication with Zhou Yong, it knew that the foster shop for this washing session was not the familiar one from before.

The one caring for it was also a complete stranger.

As the man and the beast entered the washing room, the doors slowly closed behind them.

Outside the washing room, Zhou Yong, who was completely oblivious to what awaited him and the Refining Flame Monkey, playfully patted Tang Mu’s shoulder, "Old Tang, the lounge here seems pretty decent, shall we sit down?"

Tang Mu nodded, and the two quickly settled down in the lounge for a chat.

Meanwhile, inside the washing room, Xu Ran had the Refining Flame Monkey settled and was already starting the pre-wash preparations in an orderly fashion.