Chapter 685 - 333: Strength Test And Acquaintances_4

Not long after, Xu Ran emerged from the Beast Master Association, toying with a badge engraved with stars, followed by his five little companions.

Now, he had only one goal left.

And that was to find a place to stay for the night.

If possible, it would be best to sort out the shop issue as well.

Enjoy new stories from empire

However, things turned out to be smoother than he had anticipated.

Because just a few steps away from the Beast Master Association, Xu Ran saw a familiar face.

"Boss... Boss Xu?!" Liu Fengyun stared at Xu Ran with astonishment, his face full of disbelief, "I thought I was seeing things! It’s really you!"

"How did you end up in Xuanxing City?"

"Boss Liu, long time no see," Xu Ran was equally surprised, "I thought you were still in Monster Wooden City."

"Monster Wooden City has been getting better and better, and many of the shop owners we met back then have chosen to stay and develop there," Liu Fengyun said with a smile, "But I still prefer Xuanxing City, so I came back."

"But let’s talk about you, why are you in Xuanxing City?" Liu Fengyun’s eyes held a teasing glint, "Don’t tell me you’re here to open a branch?"

Suddenly, the surroundings became quiet.

Realizing something from Xu Ran’s strange expression, Liu Fengyun’s look of amusement gradually turned to shock, "You’re really here to open a branch in Xuanxing City?!"@@novelbin@@

"Indeed, I just arrived today," Xu Ran smiled, "Looks like I’ll be relying on you a lot from now on."

"You this…" Liu Fengyun’s expression turned lively.

He had already considered Xu Ran a friend, so naturally, he was happy about his friend opening a shop in Xuanxing City, but with such a freak coming, his own foster care shop might not have as easy a time as before.

In Monster Wooden City, he had witnessed just how strong Xu Ran’s washing and protection skills were, and the Starfire Foster Care Shop excelled not only in washing and protection but also in foster care and companion training.

Such a person was like throwing a catfish into a pond.

"Forget it, forget it," Liu Fengyun heaved a heavy sigh and waved his hand, "Have you picked out a shop yet? Need some help?"

"I still carry some clout in Xuanxing City."

"Haven’t chosen yet, please recommend a good shop for sale," Xu Ran chuckled without any pretense with Liu Fengyun.

"Okay, let’s... oh wait," Liu Fengyun slapped his forehead, "Seeing you was such a surprise, I forgot I have business to attend to."

"I need to make a trip to the Beast Master Association, shall I take you to see the shops afterward?"

"I just came from there, shall we go together?" Xu Ran chuckled, "If there’s anything I can help with, don’t be shy."

Now that he had found Liu Fengyun, a reliable guide, the problem of the shop was halfway solved. There was nothing better to do, so it made sense to accompany Liu Fengyun and take a look.

"That works," Liu Fengyun thought about it; there was nothing about his own matters that needed to be kept secret, so he readily agreed.

Side by side, the two made their way back to the Beast Master Association, casually chatting as they went.

Thanks to Liu Fengyun, Xu Ran got to know a bit about the current situation in Monster Wooden City.

After the successful evolution of the Sky-touching Mysterious Wood, the expanse of the Monster Wooden Domain kept expanding outwards. The former ruins of Monster Wooden City had also risen from the ashes, expanding in size, and now in terms of city scale, it was even larger than Xieyun City.

More and more human Beast Masters, drawn by its reputation, were migrating into Monster Wooden City, injecting new life into what was once a desolate place.

However, the washing and protection service for foster care shops in Monster Wooden City was not easy anymore.

Because the Demon Wood Semi-Saint, successful in its evolution, had started to bestow treasures capable of cleansing and enhancing the state of the creatures within the Monster Wooden Domain free of charge.

Not Mystical Wood Dew, but an upgraded version of it: Saint Spirit Dew.

As a result, foster care shops could only transform their services towards fostering, companion training, and other such directions.

Xu Ran was already aware of this.

The revenues from washing and protection services at the Starfire Foster Care Shop in Monster Wooden City kept declining, while the revenues from other two services kept rising. He saw it all clearly through the system’s backend, and the system store manager of Monster Wooden City had even called him to explain the reasons.

After discussing the situation in Monster Wooden City, inevitably, the two of them touched upon the unique aspects of Xuanxing City.

"Boss Xu, our Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop is much stronger in Xuanxing City than it was in Monster Wooden City," Liu Fengyun said with a chuckle. "The main reason is the Star Stone."

"Many of our specialized equipment require charging with Star Stones to be used. Such equipment can’t be used in Monster Wooden City, which reduces the display of our power there."

"Although your Starfire Foster Care Shop is strong, it won’t be easy to surpass us here at Wind and Cloud," said Liu Fengyun, with a hint of confidence on his face.

"Once I’ve settled my shop, I will definitely come to visit," Xu Ran replied with a smile.

He was also curious about the equipment that required Star Stone charging.

"It’s a deal," Liu Fengyun nodded, then changed the subject. "We’ve arrived."

While speaking, they had returned to the Beast Master Association.

This time, Liu Fengyun headed straight into a certain section of the Association, while Xu Ran followed in silence, not uttering a word.

Before long, they came to a conference room.

In the conference room, a well-built man was replaying a video on the tablet in his hands.

As Xu Ran and his companion entered, the man looked up, but his gaze quickly shifted from Liu Fengyun and focused on Xu Ran following behind, a flicker of surprise in his eyes.

"Vice President Qin, can the Association give me a result regarding the last incident?"

After sitting down in the meeting room, Liu Fengyun looked at the big man with neither servility nor overbearingness, "According to Article 8 of Xuanxing City’s public safety law, a Beast Master who instigates trouble with the general public should take full responsibility and pay double compensation for all losses."

"Du Long’s actions clearly constituted instigating trouble."

"It’s been four days, why hasn’t the Association provided a resolution?"

"Hiss~" Vice President Qin massaged his temples, his face showing a semblance of helplessness, "This matter… is quite tricky, indeed."

"I might as well be upfront with you at this point," Vice President Qin let out a sigh, "This Du Long isn’t just anyone, he has a background."

"So, to get a fair result for this case, there’s considerable resistance."

"Is the Beast Master Association going to turn a blind eye?" Liu Fengyun’s brow furrowed tightly, his voice deepening a few notches.

"Not at all… Of course, we won’t ignore it," Vice President Qin replied with a wry smile, "But, it may take a little more time…"

Xu Ran, standing behind Liu Fengyun, remained silent but was discreetly observing Vice President Qin.

Liu Fengyun had already briefly explained his situation to Xu Ran on the way.

And it wasn’t complex.

The Beast Master named Du Long went to the Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop to have his pet beast cleaned and cared for, and was not received by Liu Fengyun himself but by another washing and protection service specialist they had hired.

This service specialist was a woman with good looks. During the cleaning process, Du Long, overcome by lust, verbally harassed the service specialist and seemed inclined to take matters a step further, but was firmly rejected.

Upon hearing the news, Liu Fengyun unhesitatingly kicked Du Long out, but this only infuriated Du Long.

He wreaked havoc in the Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop before leaving with curses and complaints.

Fortunately, Du Long had not completely lost his mind to the point of injuring someone or worse. The only losses suffered by the Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop were some property damages.

After the incident, Liu Fengyun took the initiative to report the matter to the Beast Master Association for handling. However, the decision regarding Du Long was delayed, necessitating Liu Fengyun to pay another visit.

The subsequent situation led to the current conversation.

It was clear that this guy named Du Long had significant backing, giving even the Vice President of the Beast Master Association a headache.