Chapter 693 - 335: You Have Such Nerve!_4

```

However, it was extremely rare for someone to make a last-minute switch to another foster shop after making a reservation at the Pingtian Foster Shop.

After all, it offered the best foster care service in the entire Xuanxing City.

What’s more commendable was that Pingtian Foster Shop did not raise its prices even though it provided better services; its prices were basically in line with those of other shops.

In such a scenario, the competitiveness of Pingtian Foster Shop was self-evident. Find exclusive stories on empire

To steal a customer from them was no small feat.

"Did you ask which foster shop they chose?" he quickly turned his head, looking at the employee. "Was it Wind and Cloud or Star Rain?"

In Xuanxing City, the three most famous foster shops were these.

Each of the three foster shops had its strengths and weaknesses; Pingtian was best at fostering, Wind was number one in washing and protection while Star Rain offered the best accompanying training service.

In Tan Shao’s view, only these two were capable of snatching business from them.@@novelbin@@

Although they were not as good in the foster department as his own Pingtian Foster Shop, if they bundled other services, they could completely intercept their customers.

"I’ve asked," the employee quickly nodded. "It’s a foster shop called Starfire Foster Shop, I hear it has just opened."

"Ha!" Tan Shao was made to laugh out of anger. "What did you just say? A newly opened foster shop?"

A new foster shop daring to snatch his customers?

Anger began to rise in his eyes.

Apart from Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop and Star Rain Foster Shop, he did not take any other foster shops in Xuanxing City seriously, let alone a newly opened one.

In Tan Shao’s opinion, it was like a powerful lion being challenged by a rabbit.

"Teach them a lesson, let them know the rules of opening a foster shop," Tan Shao hummed lowly, waving his hand dismissively.

"Understood!" The employee nodded swiftly and turned to leave.

He already knew what to do.

-----------------

Xuanxing City Beast Master Association.

Vice President Qin sat in his office, drinking tea while reading the newspaper of the day.

When the tea was finished, so was the newspaper, turned to the last page.

"It should be about time," he put down the newspaper, looked at the time, and muttered softly to himself.

Then, Vice President Qin took out his mobile phone and shared a video in a small group.

[Qin Huaiyu: Saw something interesting, it’s the strength test record of the Starlight Badge from yesterday. [Video]]

After sending the video, he put down his phone, his gaze flickering slightly.

This small group consisted of only six people, but these six were the most powerful individuals in Xuanxing City.

The president of the Association and the five vice presidents.

Chairman Qi Yuan oversees the big picture, while the five vice presidents perform their respective duties managing the order of the entire Xuanxing City.

He believed the Chairman would have a reaction upon seeing the video.

Then the next step of his strategy could commence.

Thinking this, Qin Huaiyu glanced at one of the group members, his eyes flickering as he couldn’t help but snort softly.

Among the five vice presidents, Zhou Changhe had the highest authority and power.

Once Chairman Qi Yuan stepped back, he would be the likeliest successor to the presidency.

Perhaps for that reason, Zhou Changhe bore a slightly imperious attitude toward the other four vice presidents, and his relatives and allies, flaunting their connections, caused chaos within the Association.

Qin Huaiyu had a longstanding dislike for Zhou Changhe but knew he couldn’t outmatch him, so he acted with caution.

This was also why, yesterday, he couldn’t give Liu Fengyun a definite response.

He couldn’t afford to come into direct conflict with Zhou Changhe over this matter.

If he were to assist, it had to be done without Zhou Changhe noticing.

To avoid suspicion, Qin Huaiyu deliberately waited a day before pretending to have just discovered the video, sharing it in the group today.

In this way, even if Zhou Changhe were suspicious, he wouldn’t be able to deduce anything from a video that superficially had no connection with Liu Fengyun.

And things proceeded as he predicted.

Not long after he shared the video, there was new activity in the small group.

```

[Zhou Changhe: This newly emerged King Level Beast Master seems quite unfamiliar, must be from out of town. It’s rare for a Beast Master to master martial arts, Chairman, come take a look @Qi Yuan.]

Seeing this message, a sly smile appeared on Qin Huaiyu’s lips.

Attracted by the commotion in the group chat, the other three Vice Presidents also started to chime in, sharing their opinions after watching the video.

In the end, Qi Yuan chimed in.

[Qi Yuan: Looks interesting. Is it possible to get in touch with this person? I would like to exchange some martial arts knowledge with him.]

Success!

Qin Huaiyu was inwardly overjoyed and quickly sent a message.

[Qin Huaiyu: The assessment for the Starlight Badge was under my charge, and I have this Beast Master’s information. I’ll handle this matter.]

The other four Vice Presidents didn’t vie for this task at that time.

After all, the awarding by President Starlight had always been Qin Huaiyu’s responsibility.

It made sense for Qin Huaiyu to handle this.

The group chat quieted down quickly, and Qin Huaiyu, humming a tune from a play, strode out of the office.

"The fish~is~about~to~take~the~bait~"

-----------------

"Ha~"

Xu Ran yawned and, resting her chin on her hand, watched the stream of pedestrians outside the shop.

As noon approached, the street in front of the shop became busier.

As a newly opened store, Starfire Foster Shop attracted quite a few curious passersby, but these people did not turn into customers.

After seeing the Price Menu, they didn’t hesitate to turn around and leave.

Hours into the opening, aside from the initial two customers, there had been no business.

"Chirp~" (Was it this difficult when opening other branches too?)

Twelve’s claws gripped the branch decorations beside the counter as it asked.

"Meow~" (Having two customers in the morning is already quite good.)

Ziyun lay lazily on the counter, tail swinging, not bothering to lift his head, the tail almost larger than its body.

"Exactly, the beginning is always the hardest," Xu Ran said with a smile, "New shops with no fame always start off the same."

"When the shop’s Fame grows, the customers will start to increase as well."

"Chirp~" (Is that so...)

Twelve nodded thoughtfully, then sensed something, looking expectantly towards the shop’s entrance.

"Chirp!" (There’s a new customer coming!)

As Twelve finished speaking, four figures briskly entered the shop.

Xu Ran lifted her head, her gaze flickering slightly.

Each of the four individuals was robust and carried a certain ferocity, not looking easy to provoke, likely quite strong.

What’s more important...

Xu Ran felt a hint of hostility coming from these men.

Nevertheless, she still stood up and called out with a smile, "Gentlemen, may I help you with any services?"

"What services do you have in this shop?" asked the man leading in a deep voice.

"The Price Menu is right behind you," Xu Ran gestured with one hand.

The four turned to look at the Price Menu, then exchanged glances.

Following that, the man on the left snorted disdainfully, stepped forward with a sneer, and slammed his hand on the counter, "Your prices are two to three times higher than elsewhere, you’re clearly swindling people!"

Observing the man, Xu Ran’s smile gradually faded.

Indeed, it seemed trouble had come calling.

"All services of this shop are worth their price," she replied calmly, "If the four of you have come to cause trouble, please leave."

"Leave?" Another man chuckled, "Looks to me like you’re angry because you’ve been called out."

He strode toward the shop’s entrance, bellowing loudly as he went, "Today, I’m going to let everyone see for themselves the kind of crook that runs a Black Shop!"