Chapter 690 - 335: You Have Such Nerve!

"Old Zhou, are you really not considering blocking the sense sharing?"

Tang Mu looked helplessly at Zhou Yong, who clutched his fists against his thighs, his face turning an intense red, a look of restrained pain etched across his face.@@novelbin@@

As time ticked by, Tang Mu had come to understand the reason behind Zhou Yong’s unusual behavior. Stay updated via empire

"No..."

Zhou Yong clenched his teeth, squeezing out the trembling words through his gritted teeth.

Experiencing the pet beast cleaning and caring was something he did every time, and this time was no exception!

So what if the cleaning is too comfortably intense?

Bring it on!

"And you say I’m the stubborn one, I think you’re not much better," Tang Mu said with a sigh, shaking his head and turning his head away so as not to witness Zhou Yong’s current predicament.

It’s an eyesore.

After some time, Zhou Yong, his face showing extreme restraint, let out a breath of relief, and his tensed body quickly relaxed, "It’s finally over."

"Over?" Tang, with a curious look in his eyes, turned toward the direction of the cleaning room.

Already curious about the high-priced services of the Starfire Foster Care Shop, he was now even more intrigued by Zhou Yong’s strange reaction and eager to see the final result of the cleaning.

Zhou Yong was equally curious—he could see through the eyes of his Refining Flame Monkey due to their shared senses but didn’t have an overarching view and couldn’t see the monkey’s actual condition.

This was the first time he had been in such a disheveled state during the pet beast cleaning, so naturally, he was very curious about the outcome of the cleaning.

Amid their curious and expectant gazes, the door of the cleaning room slowly opened, and Xu Ran walked out briskly. Behind him followed a blazing inferno.

It was the Refining Flame Monkey freshly finished with its cleaning.

Now, the fire surrounding the Refining Flame Monkey was incredibly intense, as if it could burn everything to ash. Within the flames, one could vaguely see the smooth and muscular contour of its body, and its ferocious and powerful aura was on full display.

Compared to before the cleaning, the Refining Flame Monkey seemed to have evolved completely, undergoing a dramatic transformation.

This intense contrast had a strong visual impact, causing Zhou Yong and Tang Mu to immediately stand up and rush out of the waiting area.

"Hahaha, fantastic!" Zhou Yong, ecstatic, saw the current state of his Refining Flame Monkey and realized how incredible Xu Ran’s cleaning was.

At that moment, he even felt that the ordeal he had been through was worthwhile.

Tang Mu also circled the Refining Flame Monkey a few times, examining it thoroughly, clicking his tongue in amazement.

Such impressive cleaning services, he was tempted himself.

It was just unfortunate that his pet beast had just gone through a collective cleaning a few days ago and didn’t need cleaning at the moment.

He would have to opt for Starfire Foster next time he needed cleaning as well.

"If Mr. Zhou is satisfied, that’s wonderful," Xu Ran said with a slight smile. "Are there any other pet beasts that need cleaning?"

"Uh, this..." Hearing Xu Ran’s question, Zhou Yong’s smile froze on his face, and he cleared his throat awkwardly, "Tomorrow, we’ll come back tomorrow."

Today was too intense; he felt like he couldn’t take it anymore.

If he had to clean a second pet beast right away, he would truly lose his composure on the spot.

Better to take a breather first.

Tang Mu, at his side, had a peculiar expression and helplessly covered his face with his hand.

As an old friend of Zhou Yong’s, he immediately guessed why Zhou Yong didn’t continue with the cleaning for other pet beasts.

This guy... truly is as stubborn as they come.

All could have been solved by simply blocking the sense sharing...

"Alright, no problem," Xu Ran responded with a small smile, oblivious to the events outside the cleaning room, not minding at all.

"Let’s call it a day then," Zhou Yong said without hesitation, promptly paying the cleaning fee for the Refining Flame Monkey. He glanced at Xu Ran and then withdrew his gaze as quickly as if he had been shocked.

For some reason, just looking at this guy made him recall all those sensations he had just experienced.

"Old Tang, let’s get out of here," he tugged at Tang Mu, eager to leave Starfire Foster Care Shop.

"Take care," Xu Ran said with a cheerful smile, watching the first batch of customers leave his new shop, and then stretched lazily.

Hidden in the shadows, Luminous fluttered its wings and landed on Xu Ran’s shoulder, its sea-blue eyes full of mirth.

"Chirp~" (The beast master of that Refining Flame Monkey kept the sensory sharing on throughout the whole cleaning process~)

"Huh?!" Xu Ran blinked, showing a look of surprise.

Because of his special cleaning method, the pet beasts that came to Starfire Foster for cleaning often made strange sounds.

Beast Masters of General Level and above who came as customers almost always blocked their sense sharing during the cleaning to avoid embarrassing situations.

Was there actually a Beast Master who was so headstrong as to keep the Contractual Sensing on the whole time?!

"I remember there’s surveillance in the shop..." Xu Ran slapped his forehead, suddenly remembering something, and started operating the system behind the counter.

Soon, the scene after he entered the cleaning room appeared before him.

Watching Zhou Yong’s increasingly odd posture in time with his own cleaning rhythm, Xu Ran’s expression gradually grew more amused.

This really is... stubbornness to the extreme.

-----------------

Xuanxing City, Pingtian Foster Shop.

Recognized as the top foster care service in Xuanxing City, the shop has a constant stream of customers every day.

Every day, new Foster Care Residents are brought into the Pingtian Foster’s fostering area, and those whose fostering period ends leave.

Business is so booming that Pingtian Foster Shop even needs to use a booking system, which helps stabilize the number of residents in the fostering area through reasonable appointments and scheduling.