Chapter 691 - 335: You Have Such Nerve!_2

Today, an unusual situation arose within the Pingtian Foster Shop.

"Boss!" An employee responsible for foster care reservations approached Tan Shao, the owner of Pingtian Foster Shop, with a rather unsightly expression, "A customer who made a reservation to foster a Pet Beast today has reneged on their commitment."

"Reneged?" Tan Shao’s brows furrowed slightly as he looked at the employee, "Did you confirm it over the phone?"

"I’ve confirmed it." The employee nodded, "Moreover, the reason for reneging was that they chose to foster at another shop."

"This is a case of being hijacked..." Tan Shao’s frown deepened.

It was occasional for a reserved client not to show up.

Maybe due to some other factors, the client might have changed their mind about fostering, which was within reason.

However, cases of reneging because they chose another Foster Shop were extremely rare at Pingtian.

After all, Pingtian offered the best foster care services in the entirety of Xuanxing City.

What’s more admirable is that Pingtian did not increase its prices despite the higher quality of service, keeping them at the same level as other foster care shops.

In such circumstances, the competitiveness of Pingtian Foster Shop goes without saying.

For a customer to be snatched away from them was certainly not ordinary.

"Did you ask which Foster Shop they chose?" he swiftly turned his head, looking at the employee, "Was it Wind and Cloud or Star Rain?"

Within Xuanxing City, the three most famous foster shops were these three.

The three Foster Shops each had their strengths and weaknesses: Pingtian excelled in fostering, Wind and Cloud were first in Washing and Protection, while Star Rain had the best Accompanying Training Service.

In Tan Shao’s view, only these two could possibly steal customers from his own business.

Although in fostering they were not up to the level of his Pingtian Foster Shop, they could certainly hijack his customers by bundling other services.

"I did ask." The employee quickly nodded, "It’s a Foster Shop called Starfire Foster Care Shop, apparently newly opened."

"Ha!" Tan Shao was provoked to laughter, "What did you just say? A newly opened Foster Shop?"

A new Foster Shop daring to take his customers?

A flicker of anger rose in his eyes.

With the exception of Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop and Star Rain Foster Shop, the other foster shops in Xuanxing City were not even on his radar, let alone this newly opened one.

In Tan Shao’s view, this was akin to a mighty lion being provoked by a rabbit.

"Teach them a lesson, let them know the rules of running a foster shop," Tan Shao hummed lowly, waving his hand dismissively.

"Understood!" The employee nodded rapidly and swiftly turned to leave.

He already knew what to do.

-----------------

Xuanxing City’s Beast Master Association.

Vice President Qin sat in his office, sipping tea while looking at the newspaper in his hand.

When the tea was finished, and the newspaper had been flipped to the last page, he put it down and glanced at the time, muttering softly to himself.

Then, Vice President Qin took out his cellphone and shared a video in a small group chat.

[Qin Huaiyu: Came across something interesting, it’s the strength assessment record of the Starlight Badge from yesterday. [Video]]

After posting the video, he set his phone down, his eyes flickering slightly.

This small group consisted of only six people, but these six were the most powerful in Xuanxing City.

The Association’s Chairman and the five Vice Presidents.

Chairman Qi Yuan oversaw the overall situation while the five Vice Presidents were responsible for their own areas, managing the order of the entire Xuanxing City.

Vice President Qin believed that once the Chairman saw the video, there would surely be a corresponding reaction.

Then, it would be time to start the next part of the plan.

Thinking this, Qin Huaiyu’s gaze moved to a certain group member, his eyes glinting as he couldn’t help but let out a low hum.

Among the five Vice Presidents, Zhou Changhe was the highest in both power and authority.

Once Chairman Qi Yuan stepped back from the frontlines, Zhou Changhe was the most likely successor for the Chairman’s position.

Probably for this reason, Zhou Changhe had a somewhat commanding presence over the other four Vice Presidents, and his relatives and cronies, flaunting his influence, had turned the Association into a mess.

Qin Huaiyu had long found Zhou Changhe unsatisfactory, but he knew he couldn’t outfight him and thus acted cautiously.

This was why he couldn’t give Liu Fengyun a definitive answer the day before.

He couldn’t afford a direct conflict with Zhou Changhe over this matter.

Even if he wanted to help, it had to be done without Zhou Changhe’s awareness.

To avoid any suspicion, Qin Huaiyu deliberately delayed for a day, pretending to have just discovered the video today and shared it in the group.

That way, even if Zhou Changhe was suspicious, he wouldn’t be able to deduce anything from a video that, on the surface, had no apparent connection to Liu Fengyun.

And as expected, soon after sharing the video, there was new activity in the group chat.

[Zhou Changhe: This new King Level Beast Master sure is unfamiliar, must be from out of town, not many Beast Masters who master martial arts, Chairman come take a look @Qi Yuan.]

Seeing this message, a strange smile appeared on Qin Huaiyu’s lips.

Attracted by the activity in the group, the other three Vice Presidents also began to comment, sharing their thoughts after watching the video.

Eventually, Qi Yuan chimed in.

[Qi Yuan: Looks interesting, is there a way to contact this person? I would like to exchange views on martial arts with him.]@@novelbin@@

That’s it!

Qin Huaiyu felt a surge of satisfaction, quickly typing a response.

[Qin Huaiyu: The assessment of the Starlight Badge was under my supervision, I have the records of this Beast Master, I’ll handle it.]