Chapter 694 - 336 Clues To The Star Evolution Materials!

[Content incomplete, please do not subscribe yet.]@@novelbin@@

"Senior, for the gift of swordsmanship, this junior is indebted and has no way to repay."

Stowing the swordsmanship carefully in his bosom, Xu Ran once again expressed his gratitude sincerely.

"It’s a trifle." Qi Yuan smiled calmly, "If you really feel uneasy about it, you can come and spar with me more often."

"Certainly!" Xu Ran replied without hesitation.

Just one sparring session with Qi Yuan had given him many insights into the way of the sword, and now that he had acquired a new swordsmanship, future sparring sessions with Qi Yuan could serve as confirmation for the swordplay.

He was more than happy with such a good opportunity.

Qi Yuan nodded slightly and then slowly began to speak, "Little Xu, which city did you come from?"

"Bright Radiance City." Xu Ran smiled. He wasn’t surprised that Qi Yuan could tell he wasn’t local, "But I’m not originally from Bright Radiance City."

"Traveling around and growing stronger..." Qi Yuan nodded understandingly, "That is indeed one of the paths for a Beast Master’s growth." Experience more tales on empire

"We hit it off at first sight, and since you’re in Xuanxing City, if there’s anything you need help with, feel free to come to me," Qi Yuan offered proactively.

Through sparring with Xu Ran, not only had he felt Xu Ran’s sword intent, but he also sensed the youth’s vitality.

Such a young King Level Beast Master who also possessed an Emperor Species Pet Beast certainly had limitless potential.

Making a good connection was also the right thing to do.

"Thank you for your kindness, Senior," Xu Ran said with gratitude, "It so happens that I have a matter I need to consult about."

"Speak freely."

"It’s like this," Xu Ran said, gesturing for Star to come forward, "this is my second Pet Beast, and I’m readying it for evolution."

"Oh? Is this Pet Beast also going to evolve into an Emperor Species?" Qi Yuan couldn’t help but take a few more glances at Star, with a look of astonishment on his face.

It seemed that the young man before him was more extraordinary than he had thought.

"Yes." Xu Ran nodded, "Its Attribute is a bit special. Although it’s a Dark Attribute, its Attribute is mixed with some Star Power."

"Because of this uniqueness, I’m hoping that when it evolves into an Emperor Species, it will evolve in a direction that emphasizes Star Power."

"Oh?" Qi Yuan’s eyes lit up, "Now, that’s interesting. Are you aware of the attribute transition when evolving into the Holy Spirit Race?"

"I have looked into this," Xu Ran nodded.

"Good to know." Qi Yuan laughed, "If your Pet Beast evolves in this way, it will indeed increase the success rate of evolving into the Holy Spirit Race in the future."

"That’s what I’m thinking too," Xu Ran also laughed, "My coming to Xuanxing City is closely related to its evolution, and now, there are two key Evolution Materials that I’m missing. If the Senior could provide some clues, this junior would be endlessly grateful."

"A trifle," Qi Yuan waved his hand, "The materials needed to evolve into an Emperor Species may not be available in our Xuanxing City, but clues are still within reach, I can still help a bit. Tell me, what are the two materials?"

"One is called Town Star Stone, and the other is called Dawn Star Radiance."

"This..." Qi Yuan’s expression suddenly turned peculiar, "The materials you need are these two?!"

"Does Senior have a clue?" Xu Ran’s eyes brightened.

He had only tried his luck by asking, not expecting that there might actually be a lead.

"If it’s those two resources, I do know," said Qi Yuan, with a complex look on his face, "There’s a Town Star Stone right here in Xuanxing City."

Before Xu Ran could get excited, Qi Yuan continued, "But, I can’t give it to you."

"Because the Town Star Stone of Xuanxing City is the foundation of the protective Star Array. Without it, there’d be no protective Star Array," Qi Yuan said shaking his head regretfully.

"This..." Xu Ran looked astonished.

In an instant, he discarded the idea of taking that particular Town Star Stone.

While the evolution of Star was important, he could not bring himself to deprive a Second Level Town of its most critical security for the sake of a single Evolution Resource.

Moreover, in terms of power, it was impossible for him to take such a resource from under the noses of several Overlord Level Beast Masters.

"Does Senior have knowledge of any other clues to Town Star Stones?" Xu Ran hurriedly inquired, "I believe there should be more than just one, right?"

"Town Star Stones are extremely precious resources," Qi Yuan pondered for a moment before slowly replying, "If you’re looking for clues, I can help you look through some old documents."

"Within those documents, you should find the location where Xuanxing City’s Town Star Stone was originally discovered. You could search around that location, there might be a discovery to be made."

"Okay," Xu Ran said gratefully.

Despite the slim chance of another Town Star Stone appearing in the same location, having a clue was better than not having any.

"As for the Dawn Star Radiance..." Qi Yuan smiled, "I do have a definite clue about that resource."

"Not far from Xuanxing City, there lies a place known as Fallen Star Valley."

"The valley wasn’t formed naturally but from a fallen meteor, which imbues it with rich Star Power and resulted in the formation of some very special resources."

"Our Xuanxing City was built here partly because of the Fallen Star Valley. Even the Star Stones are crafted from the ores mined within the valley."

"And within the deepest part of the Fallen Star Valley lies the Dawn Star Radiance you seek."

"However..." Qi Yuan glanced at the excited Xu Ran, "Due to the particularity of the Fallen Star Mountain Range, it has attracted many powerful Transcendent Beings."

"There are even a couple that are half a step into the Overlord stage."