Chapter 702 - 338: Clues Of The Town Star Stone And The Evolution Of Fireflies

"Is this the Dawn Star Radiance?" Xu Ran stepped forward quickly, carefully picking up the gem that shimmered with dazzling light, a look of surprise appearing on his face, "Such rich power."

"Xi Lu~" (Let me see!)

Star couldn’t help but get close to Xu Ran, hanging its head low to stare intently at the evolution material that had just arrived.

Under the starlight, its amethyst-like eyes also became bright.

Feeling the rich Star Power within, Star felt as comfortable as if it were in a hot spring.

Without a doubt, for it, this resource was a great supplement.

"Here, take it and keep it safe." Xu Ran took out a pendant and secured the Dawn Star Radiance on it before hanging it around Star’s neck. Then he turned to look at the Black Lion Beast King standing beside him with palpable trepidation, "I have a question for you."

"Why didn’t those two at the Quasi-Dominant Level use this resource?"

Upon hearing this question, the Black Lion Beast King was silent for a moment.

"Because, this resource cannot be absorbed."

"Hmm?" Xu Ran’s eyes sharpened.

The Dawn Star Radiance couldn’t be absorbed?

With limited knowledge about this resource, Xu Ran became more curious upon hearing the Black Lion Beast King saying this, "Can you explain in detail?"

"This resource appeared at the very center of Falling Star Valley when Fallen Thunder Valley formed," a hint of reminiscence appeared in the eyes of the Black Lion Beast King, "Starry Sky Mother researched it the most and believed it to be the core of a fallen star."

"When the meteor struck the earth, its outer layers shattered and dissipated, exposing it."

"The core of a meteor?" Xu Ran couldn’t help but give the pendant around Star’s neck a few more glances.

Unexpectedly, this Dawn Star Radiance had quite the background.

"Yes," said the Black Lion Beast King slowly, "It is extremely sturdy, so sturdy that even the combined efforts of the two Quasi-Dominants were unable to destroy it."

"It contains powerful energy, but that energy couldn’t be absorbed by the Overlords."

"Starry Sky Mother had once tried to use it as evolution material in a crucial step to become an Emperor Species but failed. Meanwhile, the resource remained entirely intact."

"Since then, the resource has been placed within this cavern."

"That difficult?" Xu Ran couldn’t help but be taken aback by the words of the Black Lion Beast King, "But it seems quite absorbable to me?"

"How could that be?" The Black Lion Beast King instinctively looked towards Star and then abruptly froze in place.

Because the Dawn Star Radiance hanging around Star’s neck was now flickering and gradually releasing its energy into Star’s body.

The Black Lion Beast King couldn’t help but widen his eyes, now even more shocked than when Ziyun had killed Starry Sky Mother.

For hundreds of years since the appearance of the Dawn Star Radiance, no creature had been able to absorb its power. Never would it have imagined that it would be broken by the creature in front of it.

After a long silence, a look of respect appeared in the eyes of the Black Lion Beast King.

"Perhaps, this resource has found its true owner."

-----------------

Having obtained the Dawn Star Radiance, Xu Ran left Fallen Star Valley immediately with the five little Transcendent Beings that were not trembling in fear like the others.

On the road back to the city, Star’s steps were especially light.

With this resource, the only Evolution Material it lacked was now down to the last one.

Town Star Stone.

As for how to obtain the Town Star Stone, that was a matter for future consideration.@@novelbin@@

With the eye-catching Dawn Star Radiance around its neck, Star couldn’t even maintain its stealth perfectly. It was like a beacon in the night, attracting countless envious gazes.

However, when Ziyun once again displayed the Imperial Crown, those gazes disappeared in an instant.

Emperor Species, indeed formidable.

Before long, a man and five creatures returned to the storefront inside Xuanxing City.

Only lying on the soft bed did they feel a sense of peace.

"Ding-dong—"

A notification sound from a cellphone rang out at that moment.

Xu Ran picked up his phone to see a new unread message.

The sender of the message was Qi Yuan.

After a quick glance at the content of the message, a look of delight appeared on Xu Ran’s face, "Star, there’s news about the Town Star Stone!"

"Xi Lu?!" (Really?!)

Still basking in the joy of acquiring the Dawn Star Radiance, Star abruptly lifted its head, eyes bursting with astonishing light.

"Do you remember what Elder Qi Yuan said when we visited him this afternoon?" Xu Ran shook his phone with a smile.

"Xuanxing City’s protective Star Array cannot be destroyed, so this Town Star Stone can’t be obtained, but Elder Qi Yuan has helped us pinpoint the location of this Town Star Stone."

"If we go to the place where the Town Star Stones are produced, we will surely find some clues about the Town Star Stones, or if we are lucky, it’s not impossible to find another one," Xu Ran said with a smile, "Elder Qi Yuan has sent over the address."

"Xi Lu?" (Where is it?)

Star’s eyes were full of anticipation.

It was eager to set out immediately, heading for the site where the Town Star Stones were produced.

"It’s a place called Silent Abyss," Xu Ran said as he carefully checked the information, "Qi Yuan is really considerate, even attaching a map in the attachment."

"Let me look... huh?"

After seeing the location marked on the map, Xu Ran’s eyes involuntarily widened, "What a coincidence?"

"Huh?" (What’s the matter?)

Cancan, who was nearby, couldn’t help but ask.

The name "Silent Abyss" ignited its spirit of adventure instantly.

It sounded like a fascinating place!

"This place is very close to Poison Flame Valley," Xu Ran started with a grin, "Poison Flame Valley is where I chose for Firefly to evolve."