Chapter 701 - 337: Ziyun Takes Action, Dawn Star Radiance! _4

```

Cancan raised its paw and touched the rock, then looked rather surprised.

"Chaa~" (This rock contains not only Earth attribute power, but also other powers.)

"Xi Lu!" (It’s Star Power!)

The stars whinnied.

Within the rock, it felt a sense of kinship with a faint power.

As a Pet Beast not of the Earth attribute, such a situation should not exist.

All because the rock was infused with Star Power, it was this faint glimmer of Star Power that made it feel close.

"Xi Lu~" (Here, the effectiveness of my Prayer of Starry Night can increase by more than thirty percent.)

After sensing the dense Star Power around it, Starlight’s voice became excited.

No matter how many stars there are in the sky, where can Star Power on the ground be more easily absorbed and utilized?

"Previously, Elder Qi Yuan said that the formation of Fallen Star Valley was related to celestial meteors." Xu Ran played with the rock in his hand and smiled, "It must be that Star Power from the meteors has gradually been absorbed by the surrounding rocks."

"Let’s go, let’s check it out inside." Xu Ran looked towards the deeper part of Fallen Star Valley with a bright gleam in his eyes.

This is a good place indeed.

One human and five Pet Beasts quickly traversed the rocky area around the perimeter of Fallen Star Valley and entered the valley.

Inside the valley, slopes descend in all directions, reaching the deepest part of the valley.

These slopes, eroded by the passage of time, were no longer smooth, showing undulations and weathered gullies, but the overall trend remained unchanged, like a cauldron embedded in the Earth, gathering the light of stars.

Stepping into it, Xu Ran’s expression became somewhat cautious.

For he had already felt the slightly hostile gaze lurking in the darkness.

Unlike outside the valley, Transcendent Beings had already taken residence here.

"Swish——"

A sharp whooshing sound tore through the tranquil night, speeding towards one human and five Pet Beasts.

It was a feather which pierced directly into a rock in front of Xu Ran, turning it to dust in an instant.

This was both a threat and a warning.

But Xu Ran was not concerned with such threats.

He turned his head to look at Starlight, "How many?"

Starlight’s amethyst-like eyes had unknowingly turned pitch black, with dark chains intertwined within, giving them a particularly mysterious look.

Three Star Skill, Halo Level·Night Inspection.

"Xi Lu~" (Over a hundred, the highest only at Leadership Stage.)

Starlight whinnied again, accurately reporting the number and strength of nearby creatures.

"Only at Leadership Stage?" Xu Ran raised his eyebrows, "Twelve."

"Jiu~" (Leave it to me!)

Twelve spoke excitedly, then flapped its wings and soared into the sky.

Its bright sea-blue eyes gazed downward, shining like two luminous sapphires in the dark night.

An invisible force centered around it swept out instantaneously in all directions.

Following the slight sounds of bodies falling and creatures collapsing, all beings hidden in the dark instantly entered into slumber.

Three Star Skill, Waning Moon Level·Endless Sleep!

Ten, at General stage, using this ability on a group of beings at most Leadership Stage, could easily put them to sleep for several hours. At this moment, this skill allowed one human and five small ones to penetrate deeply without alarming anyone.

"Well done." Xu Ran praised as he caught Twelve, which had returned to his hand, and continued onwards.

Batch after batch of Transcendent Beings were put into forced sleep by Twelve, and the steps of Xu Ran and his five little ones went deeper and deeper into Fallen Star Valley.

The Starlight twinkling in the night around them grew brighter and the Star Power became more intense.

The strength of the Transcendent Beings had risen from the previous Leadership Stage to the General Stage, and such creatures of this level could no longer be put to sleep for long by Twelve.

```

```

Sensing the intruders within the valley, powerful presences shot up into the sky, rapidly approaching the human and five pet beasts, and soon appeared in every direction, completely blocking all their ways of retreat.@@novelbin@@

An eerie silence fell over the scene, but beneath this quietude, intense killing intent flowed.

For the humans who appeared here, the Transcendent Beings lurking would naturally not harbor any goodwill.

"I come seeking a piece of Dawn Star Radiance," even faced with being surrounded by a host of beasts, Xu Ran remained quite calm, smiling as he spoke, "Give it to me, and I’ll leave immediately." "We have arrived."

Under the cover of night, Xu Ran, with his four small ones, rode the star-powered wind at lightning speed and soon reached their destination.

Before them lay a valley with rather odd shapes.

Unlike ordinary valleys, the terrain around the edge of this valley consisted of layers of complicated rock formations, but the interior was concave as a whole, like a huge pot bottom.

In the night, the rocks in the valley twinkled slightly with light as if they contained star power, and this glow became more intense closer to the center of the valley.

This was where they were headed, the Fallen Star Valley.

"Crack~" Standing at the edge of the valley, Xu Ran casually broke off a piece of rock to examine.

Unlike ordinary rocks, the surface of this small rock occasionally glittered and was streaked with strange, colorful patterns, akin to a special mineral, which looked quite pretty.

Cancan lifted its paw and touched the rock, then its expression turned slightly surprised.

"Chirp~" (This rock contains Earth attribute Power and other forces as well.)

"Xi Lu!" (It’s Star Power!)

Star neighed in response.

In the rock, it sensed a familiar power.

As a non-Earth attribute Pet Beast, such a situation should not exist.

Everything was due to the Star Power contained within the rock; it was this faint Star Power that made it feel kinship.

"Xi Lu~" (Here, I can enhance the effects of my Prayer of Starry Night skill by more than thirty percent.)

Having sensed the rich Star Power around it, Star’s voice grew excited.

No matter how abundant the stars in the sky were, where could they compare with the Star Power on the ground, which was easier to absorb and utilize?

"Elder Qi Yuan once said that Fallen Star Valley was formed in relation to a meteor from beyond the heavens," Xu Ran toyed with the rock in his hand and smiled, "It seems the Star Power from the meteor was gradually absorbed by the surrounding rocks."

"Let’s go, we’ll have a look inside," Xu Ran said, looking towards the deeper part of Fallen Star Valley, his eyes shining brightly.

This is a good place.

The human and five pet beasts quickly traversed the rocky area around the perimeter of Fallen Star Valley and entered the valley itself.

All around the valley slope downward, leading to its deepest part.

The slopes had undergone long periods of erosion and were no longer smooth, with undulating terrain and ancient gullies, but the overall trend remained the same, like a giant pot embedded in the earth, gathering the light of the stars.

Setting foot inside, Xu Ran’s expression grew more cautious.

Because he had already felt the slightly hostile gazes lurking in the dark.

Unlike the area outside the valley, here Transcendent Beings had already taken up residence.

"Swoosh——"

A sharp whistling sound tore through the tranquil night and rapidly attacked the human and five pet beasts.

It was a feather that pierced straight into a rock in front of Xu Ran, turning it into dust in an instant.

This was a threat, as well as a warning.

But Xu Ran was unfazed by such threats.

He turned his head to look at Star beside him, "How many?"

Star’s eyes, once like amethysts, had turned pitch black and were entwined with black chains, looking especially mysterious.

Three Star Skill, Halo Level·Night Inspection.

"Xi Lu~" (Over a hundred, with the highest at Leadership Stage.)

Star neighed, accurately reporting the number and strength of the nearby creatures.

```