Chapter 703 - 338 Clues Of The Town Star Stone And The Evolution Of Fireflies_2

"Luhou?" (Is that the place?)

The firefly, who had thought it had nothing much to do with itself, suddenly lit up in the eyes.

What a coincidence!

"Indeed, quite a coincidence," Xu Ran nodded, "This time, by taking a long trip, we can both explore the clues of the Town Star Stone and help the firefly complete its evolution."

"Xi Lu~" (That’s great!)

Star nodded with joy.

"Jiu?" (So when do we set off?)

Twelve tilted its head, its eyes filled with a hint of interest.

Whether it was the firefly’s evolution or the clues of the Town Star Stone, it was very interested.

"As for that…" Xu Ran showed a thoughtful expression, then made a decision after a moment, "Let’s wait until the foster care exhibition ends, then we’ll depart."

"Counting the time, the foster care exhibition will be held in three days."

"By then, we would have also stabilized our foothold in Xuanxing City." Xu Ran paused for a moment, looking towards the firefly, "The firefly has been preparing for evolution during this time, right?"

"Luhou!" (Correct!)

The firefly nodded vigorously.

In the previous resource allocation, all of its skills had been improved to the Waning Moon Level, and the Three Star Skill, Eternal Burning Flame, raised by Undying Flame had even reached the Full Moon Level.

But that wasn’t enough!

In its exchanges with the four seniors, the firefly learned that the higher the Proficiency of the Talent Skills at the time of evolution, the more help it would be for the evolution.

During Twelve’s evolution, it had two skills reach the Full Moon Level, whereas its own evolution conditions didn’t require raising the Proficiency to the Full Moon Level.

Compared to that, the preparations it had just enough to meet the evolution conditions were indeed insufficient!

As a mutant species, there was always a trace of fear and trepidation about evolution in the firefly’s heart. Therefore, it wanted to prepare even more.

At the very least, it also wanted to have three skills reach the Full Moon Level!

Time and again, seeing the great strength of the four seniors, it would be lying to say it wasn’t envious.

Therefore, it must give its all to complete this evolution!

With this in mind, the firefly couldn’t help but clench its claws.

It needed to train even harder!

"Keep it up." Xu Ran smiled and patted the firefly’s head, then looked towards Star, "These next few days, familiarize yourself with the Dawn Star Radiance’s power."

"Being able to absorb this resource might be due to your better Talent, your inherent Power also has many connections with Star Power." Xu Ran paused, "This is a good thing, getting familiar with the power in advance can make the evolution smoother."

"Xi Lu~" (I understand.)

Star nodded.

Ziyun suddenly remembered something, and asked curiously.

"Meow?" (Has the Lucky Fish of Xuanxing City appeared yet?)

"The Lucky Fish..." Xu Ran touched his chin and shook his head helplessly, "Not yet."

On the first day of business, Xu Ran also received six or seven customers, but none of these customers displayed any characteristics similar to that of a Lucky Fish.

Therefore, Xu Ran wasn’t sure whether there was a Lucky Fish in Xuanxing City.@@novelbin@@

"No worries, if there’s still no Lucky Fish in half a month, I can go back to Bright Radiance City and bask in Miss Chou Yue’s Lucky Fish aura," Xu Ran smiled, "Or I could try my luck in Qingzhou City or Cloud City."

"Alright, go and train now." Xu Ran sat upright from the bed, took a meditative posture, and soon entered deep meditation under the combined effects of two Meditation Acceleration Cards.

Watching Xu Ran working hard to improve, the five little ones exchanged glances before confidently heading to their respective Attribute’s Training Area.

A night without words, only intense effort.

-----------------

Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, three days had passed.

Just as Liu Fengyun had predicted, after the first attempt at sabotage, the Pingtian Foster Shop ceased to send people over.

Starfire Foster Care Shop entered a peaceful development stage, and within just four days with excellent service, it gained a very good reputation in the nearby blocks and had already become somewhat famous.

Stably receiving a dozen or twenty customers daily, the business of Starfire Foster Care Shop was now truly on track.

The Fame of Starfire Foster Care Shop continued to rise steadily, and although it was only around 3% at the moment, it was already a good start.

On this day, as Starfire Foster Care Shop just opened for business, it welcomed a special visitor.

He was in uniform, representing the organizers of the Beast Master Association Pet Beast Foster Care Exhibition.

"Excuse me, is this Mr. Xu Ran, the owner of Starfire Foster?" The staff member entered the shop and got straight to the point.

"Indeed, that’s me," Xu Ran’s eyes lit up, guessing the visitor’s purpose, and quickly stepped forward, "Has the foster care exhibition started?"

-----------------

[4,000 more words, working hard at it]

"So this is the Dawn Star Radiance." Xu Ran quickly advanced, gingerly picking up the gem that glittered with dazzling light, his face showing a look of surprise, "Such a rich Power."

"Xi Lu~" (Let me see!)

Star couldn’t resist coming close to Xu Ran, lowering its head to gaze intently at the newly acquired Evolution Material.

Under the starlight, its eyes, akin to purple crystals, became even brighter.

Feeling the rich Star Power within, Star had the comfortable sensation of being in a hot spring.

Without a doubt, this resource was hugely beneficial to it.

"Here, take it and keep it safe." Xu Ran took out a pendant, fastened Dawn Star Radiance securely, and hung it around Star’s neck. He then turned to the Black Lion Beast King, who was standing by skittishly, "I have a question for you."