Chapter 696 - 336 Clues To The Star Evolution Materials!_3

Sure, here’s the translation:

Such good fortune was more than welcome.

Qi Yuan nodded slightly, then slowly asked, "Little Xu, which city do you come from?"

"Bright Radiance City," Xu Ran smiled, not surprised that Qi Yuan could tell he was not a local, "but I’m not originally from Bright Radiance City either."

"Traveling around while getting stronger, eh..." Qi Yuan nodded in understanding, "Indeed, this is one of the ways for a Beast Master to grow."

"Since we’ve hit it off so well, if there’s anything you need help with now that you’re in Xuanxing City, feel free to come to me," Qi Yuan offered proactively.

In their sparring, he had not only felt Xu Ran’s blade aura but also sensed the youth’s vitality.

Such a young King Level Beast Master already possessed an Emperor Species pet beast; his future was boundless.

Forming a good connection was only right and proper.

"Thank you for your kindness," Xu Ran said gratefully with a smile, "as it happens, there is something I’d like to ask about."

"By all means, speak your mind."

"It’s like this." Xu Ran gestured for Star to step forward, "This is my second pet beast, and I am preparing for its evolution."

"Oh? Is this pet beast also evolving into an Emperor Species?" Qi Yuan couldn’t help but take a few more glances at Star, his expression filled with amazement.

It seemed the youngster before him was more exceptional than he had imagined.

"Yes," Xu Ran nodded, "its attribute is somewhat special; although it’s a Dark Attribute, there’s some Star Power mixed into it."

"Because of this specialty, I hope that when it evolves into an Emperor Species, it will evolve towards a direction that focuses more on Star Power."

"Oh?" Qi Yuan’s eyes brightened slightly, "Now, that’s quite interesting. Do you know about the attribute transition involved in evolving into a Holy Spirit Race?"

"I have looked into that," Xu Ran nodded.

"That’s good," Qi Yuan chuckled, "if your pet beast evolves in that way, the success rate of later evolving into the Holy Spirit Race can be much higher."

"I was thinking the same thing," Xu Ran chuckled too, "my coming to Xuanxing City is not unrelated to its evolution, and right now, I am still missing two very important Evolution Materials. If senior can provide some clues, I would be extremely grateful."

"It’s a trifle," Qi Yuan waved his hand dismissively, "the materials required for evolving into an Emperor Species might not necessarily be here in Xuanxing City, but if it’s just a clue you’re after, I can still offer some help. Quickly, what are the two materials you are looking for?"

"One is called Town Star Stone, and the other is Dawn Star Radiance."

"This..." Qi Yuan’s expression suddenly became complicated, "the materials you need are these two?!"

"Senior has a clue?" Xu Ran’s eyes brightened.

He was just trying his luck with the question, not expecting there to be a lead.

"If it’s these two resources, then I do indeed know," Qi Yuan’s expression was somewhat complex, "there is a piece of Town Star Stone right here in Xuanxing City."

Before Xu Ran could get excited, Qi Yuan quickly added, "But, I can’t give it to you."

"Because this piece of Town Star Stone in Xuanxing City is the foundation of the city’s protective Star Array," Qi Yuan said helplessly, shaking his head, "without it, there is no protective Star Array."

"This..." Xu Ran looked stunned.

In a split second, he dismissed the idea of taking that piece of Town Star Stone.

Although the evolution of Star was important, he could not commit to an action that would leave a Second Level Town without its most important safety guarantee for the sake of just one Evolution Resource.

And in terms of strength, it was impossible for him to take such a resource right under the noses of several Overlord Level Beast Masters.

"Does senior have any other clues about Town Star Stones?" Xu Ran quickly asked, "I believe that such resources should not be limited to just one, right?"

"Town Star Stones are extremely precious resources," Qi Yuan pondered for a moment before slowly speaking, "If you want clues, I can help you check some ancient texts."

"Within the records, we should be able to find the original location where the Town Star Stone in Xuanxing City was discovered. You could search in that location, perhaps you’ll find something."@@novelbin@@

"Thank you," Xu Ran expressed his gratitude.

Although the probability of a second Town Star Stone appearing at the same location was slim, having a clue was always better than none.

"As for Dawn Star Radiance…" Qi Yuan smiled, "I do know a precise clue for that resource."

"Not far outside of our Xuanxing City, there is a place called Fallen Star Valley."

"The valley wasn’t formed naturally, but was created by a fallen meteor from beyond the skies, containing rich Star Power, and it also gave rise to some extremely unique resources."

"Our Xuanxing City was built here largely due to Fallen Star Valley, and even the Star Stones are produced by mining the ores within it."

"At the deepest part of Fallen Star Valley, lies the Dawn Star Radiance you seek."

"However…" Qi Yuan looked at Xu Ran who had become visibly excited and added, "due to the special nature of Fallen Star Mountain Range, it has attracted many powerful Transcendent Beings."

"There are even two nearly at the Overlord stage."

"They are much more powerful than the average King Stage, and should be comparable in strength to your pet beast that has already evolved into an Emperor Species."

"Defeating them won’t be an easy feat," Qi Yuan said with a smile.

"Fallen Star Mountain Range..." Xu Ran etched this name deeply into his mind, "Thank you, senior, for the clue."

"It’s a trifle," Qi Yuan smiled again, "Is there anything else I can help you with?"

"There’s one more thing," Xu Ran said with an embarrassed smile, "I have a friend who runs a Foster Shop here in Xuanxing City..."