Chapter 697 - 336 Clues To The Star Evolution Materials!_4

``` Stay connected through empire

He recounted in detail how Du Long had vandalized the Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop without being punished by the Beast Master Association.

After listening, Qi Yuan’s expression turned ugly.

"Du Long..." he muttered the name softly, "it sounds somewhat familiar."

Moments later, a figure emerged in his mind.

"I understand the situation," Qi Yuan hummed lowly, "rest assured, there will soon be a fair resolution to this matter."

"Thank you for your concern, senior," Xu Ran replied with a relieved smile.

It seemed he had managed to help Boss Liu’s matter as well.

-----------------

Xuanxing City, Wind and Cloud Foster Shop.

Having just finished washing and protection work for a distinguished client’s pet beast, Liu Fengyun tidied up the cleaning room and walked out at a leisurely pace.

Suddenly, an employee of the foster shop hurried over.

"Boss! There’s good news!"

"What good news?" Liu Fengyun glanced at the employee, raising an eyebrow.

This employee had a special job at the Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop—he was responsible for gathering intelligence on competitors in Xuanxing City, so that Liu Fengyun could keep his finger on the pulse of other businesses.

Business is like the battlefield.

Just minding his own business was not Liu Fengyun’s style.

"A client from Pingtian Foster Shop was poached," the employee said with a chuckle, "after being poached, Pingtian hired a few thugs to cause trouble at the other shop."

"We can team up with the victimized shop, expose Pingtian’s actions, and damage their reputation," suggested the employee.

"That’s a good idea," Liu Fengyun nodded slightly, "Tan Shao, that guy, still prefers sneaky tricks as ever."

"What’s the name of the shop that poached Pingtian’s client?" Liu Fengyun asked casually, "If they managed to poach from Pingtian, they must be something, right?"

"I haven’t uncovered much about that shop," the employee scratched his head, "I only know it’s newly opened, and the name is Starfire..."

"Starfire Foster Care Shop?!" Liu Fengyun immediately looked up.

"Yes," the employee replied with surprise, "Boss, you know about it?"

"Heh, so it’s Boss Xu," Liu Fengyun smiled, "If he’s behind it, then poaching from Pingtian makes sense."

"Forget about that matter," Liu Fengyun waved it off, "Tan Shao is definitely no match for Boss Xu."

"Does that mean the owner of the Starfire Foster Shop is very capable?" the employee asked, astonished.

Until now, he hadn’t paid much attention to the victim of the situation.

Yet, it seemed that the boss placed considerable importance on this newly opened store named Starfire Foster.

"You’ll find out in time," Liu Fengyun said with a smile, "go on with your work."

"...All right," the employee replied, resigned, before turning to leave.

Watching the employee’s retreating figure, Liu Fengyun’s face bore a hint of a smile, "To set up a shop overnight, Boss Xu really is decisive and efficient."

"As an old friend, I should go and congratulate him on the new shop’s opening," he added.

Saying this, he stepped out of the shop, heading in the direction of the Starfire Foster Shop.

-----------------

After thanking Qi Yuan repeatedly for his help, Xu Ran returned to the shop with the five small ones.

On the way back, Star’s running was noticeably more spirited than before, a sense of jubilation clear in its movements.

It was apparent that having some leads on both resources was exciting.

"After business hours tonight, we’ll go check out the Fallen Star Valley," Xu Ran spoke while petting Star’s head, smiling.

"Meow~" (Those two Quasi-Domineering Level, I’ll handle them!)

Ziyun licked its paw, a flame of battle lighting in its eyes.

Although that guy named Qi Yuan said those at the Quasi-Domineering Level were a match for its power, Ziyun felt he had no idea of its true strength.

Just a couple of nobodies not yet at the Overlord Stage~

"Xi Lu~" (Thank you, Ziyun!)

```

Star let out a whinny, quickening its pace even more.

If everything went as expected, the Dawn Star Radiance would soon be within reach—then only the Town Star Stone would be left to find.

With the lessons learned by Ziyun in searching for the Extinct Thunder Attraction, Star had braced itself to spend extra time and effort to seek out this most crucial Evolution Resource.

Soon, one person accompanied by five pet beasts arrived at the storefront.

Seeing the figure standing outside the door, Xu Ran’s face showed a hint of surprise.

"Boss Liu? What brings you here?"

The employee in front of him held a special role at the Wind and Cloud Foster Care Shop; he was responsible for collecting information on his peers within Xuanxing City, ensuring Liu Fengyun had a detailed insight into the business dynamics of his competition.

The marketplace is a battlefield.

Head-down management of his own storefront was not Liu Fengyun’s style.

"A customer from the Pingtian Foster Shop got snatched by someone else," the employee chuckled, "After the snatching, Pingtian got some thugs to cause trouble at the other shop."

"We could team up with the victim, expose Pingtian Foster Shop’s actions, and as a result, their reputation would surely take a hit," the employee suggested.@@novelbin@@

"It’s a good idea," Liu Fengyun nodded slightly, "Tan Shao, that guy, is still as eager as ever to play dirty tricks."

"What’s the name of the shop that outsmarted Pingtian?" Liu Fengyun asked offhandedly, "If they could outsmart Pingtian, they must be something special, right?"

"I didn’t find out much about that shop," the employee scratched his head, "I only know it’s new, and its name is Starfire…"

"Starfire Foster Care Shop?!" Liu Fengyun suddenly looked up.

"Yes," the employee’s expression was one of surprise, "Boss, you know of it?"

"Heh, so it’s Boss Xu," Liu Fengyun smiled, "If it’s him, then outsmarting Pingtian makes sense."

"Let this matter be," Liu Fengyun gestured dismissively, "Tan Shao is definitely no match for Boss Xu."

"Does this mean, the owner of this Starfire Foster Care Shop is really impressive?" asked the employee with a shocked expression.

Until then, he hadn’t paid much attention to the plight of the victimized party.

But it seemed that Boss Liu viewed this Starfire Foster Care Shop with a sense of significance.

"You’ll find out in time," Liu Fengyun smiled, "Go be busy."

"… Okay," the employee spoke reluctantly and then turned to leave.

Watching the employee’s retreating figure, Liu Fengyun’s face bore a smile, "To get a shop up and running in one night, Boss Xu sure is decisive and efficient."

"As an old friend, I should pay him a visit to congratulate him on the new store’s opening," he mused.

With that, he stepped out of the store and headed in the direction of the Starfire Foster Care Shop.

-----------------

After expressing his gratitude to Qi Yuan several times over, Xu Ran returned to the store with his five little ones.

On the way back, Star’s strides were noticeably larger than before, filled with a sprightly air.

It was apparent that having some clues about both resources had excited it.

"After we close the shop tonight, we’ll take a trip to the Fallen Star Valley," Xu Ran said, patting Star’s head and speaking with a smile.

"Meow~" (Those two at the Quasi-domineering Level, I’ll take care of them!)

Ziyun licked its paws, eyes ablaze with fighting spirit.

Despite what Qi Yuan had said about Quasi-domineering Level beasts being on par with it, Ziyun thought he had no idea of its real strength.

Just two creatures who hadn’t reached the Overlord stage~

"Xi Lu~" (Thank you, Ziyun!)

Star let out a whinny, quickening its pace even more.

If everything went as expected, the Dawn Star Radiance would soon be within reach—then only the Town Star Stone would be left to find.

With the lessons learned by Ziyun in searching for the Extinct Thunder Attraction, Star had braced itself to spend extra time and effort to seek out this most crucial Evolution Resource.

Soon, one person accompanied by five pet beasts arrived at the storefront.

Seeing the figure standing outside the door, Xu Ran’s face showed a hint of surprise.

"Boss Liu? What brings you here?"