Chapter 705 - 338 Clues Of The Town Star Stone And The Evolution Of Fireflies_4

"Looking at the time, the foster experience exhibition is just three days away."

"By then, we should also have gained a foothold in Xuanxing City," said Xu Ran, pausing briefly before looking at Firefly, "Firefly, have you been preparing for evolution all this time?"

"Luhou!" (Yes!)

Firefly nodded emphatically.

During the last resource allocation, its skills had all been raised to the Waning Moon Level; the Three Star Skill, Eternal Burning Flame, enhanced by the Undying Flame, had been raised to the Full Moon Level.

But this, was still not enough!

In its interactions with the four seniors, Firefly had learned that the higher the Proficiency of Talent Skills during evolution, the better it would aid the process.

When Twelfth evolved, it had two skills that reached the Full Moon Level, yet its Evolution Conditions did not require Skill Proficiency to be raised to the Full Moon Level.

By comparison, Firefly’s mere meeting of the Evolution Conditions was far from enough!

As a mutated species, Firefly always harbored a trace of fear and trepidation towards evolution, which is why it wanted to prepare even more.

At the very least, it needed three skills to reach the Full Moon Level!

After witnessing the four seniors’ display of strength time after time, it would be a lie to say Firefly wasn’t envious.

That’s why it had to give its all to complete this evolution!

With this thought, Firefly couldn’t help but clench its claws tightly.

It needed to train even harder!

"Keep it up," Xu Ran said with a smile as he patted Firefly on the head, then turned to Star, "These next few days, you should familiarize yourself with the power of Dawn Star Radiance."

"Being able to absorb this resource may be due to your better Talent and inherent Power’s many connections with Star Power," Xu Ran paused, "This is a good thing. Getting to know the power in advance will make the evolution go more smoothly."

"Xi Lu~" (I understand.)

Star nodded.

Ziyun suddenly remembered something and asked curiously.

"Meow?" (Has the Lucky Fish of Xuanxing City shown up yet?)

"Lucky Fish..." Xu Ran stroked his chin and shook his head helplessly, "Not yet."

During the first day of business, Xu Ran had served six or seven guests, but none of them displayed characteristics like the Lucky Fish.

Thus, Xu Ran was uncertain whether Xuanxing City had a Lucky Fish.

"No matter, if we still haven’t found a Lucky Fish half a month later, I’ll just take a trip back to Bright Radiance City and mooch off Miss Chou Yue’s Lucky Fish aura," Xu Ran said with a laugh. "Otherwise, going to Qingzhou City or Xieyun City to rub off some of their luck is also an option."

"Alright, you guys go and train," Xu Ran said as he sat up straight on the bed, adopting a meditation posture, and quickly entered a deep meditation under the combined effect of two Meditation Acceleration Cards.

Watching the industrious Xu Ran, the five little ones exchanged glances before heading to their respective Attribute Training Areas, as if it was second nature.

A night passed without a word, save for the relentless grinding.

-----------------

Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, three days had passed.

Just as Liu Fengyun had predicted, after their first attempt at sabotage, the Pingtian Foster Shop did not send anyone else to cause trouble.

The Starfire Foster Care Shop entered a peaceful development stage, and within just four short days, it had earned a great reputation with excellent service and was already somewhat famous in the nearby blocks.

Every day, a stable stream of fifteen to twenty customers visited, and the business of the Starfire Foster Shop had thoroughly gotten on the right track.

Meanwhile, the Fame of the Starfire Foster Shop continued to rise; although it was only around 3% at the moment, it was a promising start.

On this day, just as the Starfire Foster Shop had begun its business, it welcomed a special guest.

He was dressed in a uniform, representing the organizer of the Beast Master Association’s Pet Beast Foster Experience Exhibition.

"May I ask if Mr. Xu Ran, the owner of Starfire Foster, is present?" the staff member entered the shop and got straight to the point.

"That’s right, it’s me," Xu Ran’s eyes lit up as he guessed the visitor’s purpose and quickly approached, "Has the foster experience exhibition started?"

-----------------

[Four thousand words to go, liver-busting in progress]"Lurou!" (Yes!)

Firefly nodded vigorously.

In the last resource allocation, all its skills had been upgraded to Waning Moon Level, and the Three Star Skill Eternal Burning Flame, enhanced by Undying Flame, had even reached Full Moon Level.

But this was still not enough!

In its exchanges with the four seniors, Firefly learned that the higher the proficiency of talent skills at the time of evolution, the greater the help for the evolution.

During its evolution, No. 12 had two skills that reached Full Moon Level, whereas its own evolution conditions did not require skill proficiency to be elevated to Full Moon Level.

By comparison, just meeting the bare minimum for the evolution conditions was far from sufficient!

As a member of a mutated species, Firefly always harbored a trace of fear and apprehension about evolution, so it wanted to prepare even more.

At the very least, it wanted to get three skills to Full Moon Level!

Every time it saw the four seniors demonstrate their formidable strength, it would be lying if it said it didn’t envy them.

So it had to give its all to complete this evolution!

Thinking of this, Firefly couldn’t help but clench its claws.

It needed to train even harder!

"Keep it up," Xu Ran said with a smile as he stroked Firefly’s head before looking at Star, "For the next few days, you should familiarize yourself with the power of Dawn Star Radiance."

"You might be able to absorb this resource because your talent is better, and your own power has many connections with the Star Power," Xu Ran paused for a moment, "This is good news, getting to know the power in advance can make the evolution go more smoothly."

"Xi Lu~" (I understand.)

Star nodded.

Ziyun suddenly remembered something and asked curiously.

"Meow?" (Has the Lucky Fish of Xuanxing City appeared yet?)

"The Lucky Fish..." Xu Ran touched his chin and shook his head helplessly, "Not yet."

On the first day of business, Xu Ran had also served six or seven customers, but none of them exhibited traits akin to a Lucky Fish.

Therefore, Xu Ran was not sure whether Xuanxing City had a Lucky Fish.

"No worries, if there’s no Lucky Fish after half a month, I’ll go back to Bright Radiance City and borrow a bit of Miss Chou Yue’s lucky aura," Xu Ran said with a smile, "Otherwise, I could also go to Qingzhou City or Xieyun City to try my luck."

"Alright, you guys should go train," Xu Ran sat up straight on the bed, assuming a meditative posture, and soon under the combined effect of two Meditation Acceleration Cards, entered into a deep meditation.

Watching Xu Ran striving to improve, the five little ones exchanged a glance, then headed to their respective attribute training areas as if they were on familiar ground.

A night without words, only liver-busting.

-----------------

Time flies swiftly, and in the blink of an eye, three days passed.@@novelbin@@

As Liu Fengyun had predicted, after the first attempt to cause trouble, Pingtian Foster Shop had not sent anyone over anymore.

Starfire Foster Care Shop entered a peaceful development phase, and within a mere four days, obtained a fantastic reputation with excellent service, already becoming somewhat famous in the nearby neighborhoods.

Every day, a steady stream of ten to twenty customers visited, and the business of Starfire Foster Care Shop was now firmly on the right track.

Moreover, the fame of Starfire Foster Care Shop was continuously rising; although it was currently only around 3%, it had already made a fine start.

That day, just as Starfire Foster Care Shop began its business, it welcomed a special guest.

He was in uniform, representing the organizers of the Beast Master Association Pet Beast Foster Care Experience Exhibition.

"May I ask if this is the owner of Starfire Foster, Mr. Xu Ran?" the staff member entered the shop and got straight to the point.

"That’s right, it’s me," Xu Ran’s eyes lit up, guessing the purpose of the visit, and quickly stepped forward, "Has the Foster Care Experience Exhibition started?"

-----------------

[Four thousand words to go, liver-busting in progress]